Given his relation to CSGO and the plethora of rumors surrounding this crash on Twitter and in the media, it should be noted that the rumors alleging that Rick Fox was also aboard the helicopter are reported to be false by his daughter and multiple other sources. Please do not spread this rumor as it detracts from the focus of this tragedy. Unfortunately, however, TMZ does report that his daughter Gianna Bryant was with Kobe in the helicopter and died alongside her father in the crash.
Wow had no idea he passed today. Rip Kobe. Man was a legend.
Yeah, it wasn't the most pleasant way to go either, apparently his kids may have died with him but everything is still unconfirmed Either way it's sad Edit: Apparently it's confirmed that his 13 year old daughter was with him on the helicopter, Rest in Peace to them both, that shit is so sad
From what ive seen on twitter its been confirmed one of his daughters was on the helicopter and Rick fox has also been confirmed to have not been involved in the crash. really wish people wouldnt just say shit on twitter / shitty online news articles for clicks.
TMZ confirmed his oldest daughter was on board. RIP. EDIT: Second oldest.
Not his oldest, he had a 17-year old. Gianna was his second daughter, she was 13.
damn
TMZ is not the most reliable news source by any stretch. Take their reporting with a metric ton of salt.
They've never been wrong on deaths yet, I don't think.
They're quite reliable for celebrity deaths.
They're never wrong on celebrity deaths. They were the first to report X and Juice Wrld's deaths as well.
And Michael Jackson - that was the first time I heard of them, pretty sure.
In general, they're not reliable. On deaths and arrests and the like, they become pretty much the most reliable.
The saying is supposed to express how weak something is. A dish void of flavor to the extent where even a single grain of salt would noticeably add flavor.
When it comes to serious topics like death and arrests, TMZ has something like a 98% accuracy rate. They're actually the most reliable news source with stuff like that, mostly becauze they are seemingly everywhere and their network of sources is insane.
Didn't Rick Fox co-own Echo Fox or Misfits or NRG or something?
Yeah he owned echo fox but shit went down within the org with racist investors or something. He now just plays an absolute shit ton of league because he loves the game and fills his competitive needs.
That's pretty damn cool that he's 50 and he still has a competitive drive and plays games.
yeah echo fox because his son was super into league so he got into the esports side to connect with him
God imagine having so much money that you'd buy a gaming team to connect with your son.
Imagine being such a cool dad you'd start a esports org to connect with your son
Imagine being such a cool dad you’d not reject their differences from you and rather embrace those differences
echo fox, pretty sure he's founder and CEO
It's confirmed that he's safe and well now thankfully
Echo fox yeah but there was a big ass scandal and a lotta bullshit
Thought it was confirmed Rick wasn't on as well
Yeah was not very sure of it just saw it on twitter and his son didnt confirm or deny it
Fox's daughter officially confirmed he was not on board.
Got it thanks to see ill fix my comment now
Kobes daughter was on board
One daughter was confirmed on board.
Rick Fox isnt dead. He even posted about Kobe and his daughter passing, sending his condolences. This tweet was only 13 hours ago
My b thought i edited it to take that out last night
Oh maybe you did, and I just misread. Sorry!
Either way there was some clearing up i needed to do lol
Yah, a legendary rapist.
And a rapist.
Forever to be remembered every time a grande grants us the joy of a frag
Kind of weird looking at how he died in an explosion ...
The universe works in mysterious ways, right?
Said the same thing about Paul walker from fast and furious lmaooo
And the death juice-WRLD, seems also a possible induced death by massively focused consciousness. Kappa? :-/
Fuck
too soon bro
The Kobe is now for Molly kills
Explosion isn't really the likely cause of death in a helicopter crash, it's the impact.
Truly immortalized in the graffiti that Dosia has on Inferno
It won't feel the same now. I've been following him for years and said Kobe so many times in game. Now I'll just feel sad whenever I say it.
Kobe would want you to shoot
you say it in his honor man
Last match I played we bought maxes every round for Kobe. We won for Kobe
Maxes?
nades autocorrected to maxes?
Makes sense, m is next to n and x is next to d so the autocorrector probably thought maxes would fit when nades isnt really a word people use much
Or he just wanted to type "maxed" aka all of the nades and mistyped.
Yeah it did
Nades. Man that fucking autocorrects to maxes
now we say "For Kobe" instead
But you have to now. We can never stop.
I'm gonna say it when I take a shit. Never knew the guy, no need to get the least bit emotional
No man is an island, Entire of itself. Each is a piece of the continent, A part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less. As well as if a promontory were. As well as if a manor of thine own Or of thine friend's were. Each man's death diminishes me, For I am involved in mankind. Therefore, send not to know For whom the bell tolls, It tolls for thee. -John Donne
I quote this poem when I shoot the bell on Inferno for good luck.
r/imveryedgy
[deleted]
Jordan
Lebron James
i feel like this will catch on, or am more hoping it does. GOAT shooter.
The positive is that Kobe never felt the loss of his daughter and Gianna never felt the loss of her father. It's the people alive that suffer. So, if you are feeling sad, distraught, devastated, don't feel afraid to talk about it. Admitting the problem can help you overcome it. I hope his family has the strength to get through this horrible accident.
I just keep thinking about his Daughter, she had her whole life ahead of her and it's gone just like that Kobe was able to give his family everything, they had everything they could ever want or need and BAM it's all gone just like that, shit is fucking crazy
That's life. You never know when your time is. That's why it's important to live your life well, every second is important and you never really know how much you got.
He wasn't even that old himself. Only 41, had at least 40 in him likely. Didn't get to see himself make it into the Hall of Fame. RIP Kobe.
I just keep thinking about his Daughter, she had her whole life ahead of her and it's gone just like that The thing is, Kobe had so much ahead of him too. Like, some athletes, once they retire you can pretty much figure they'll be out of the public eye outside of sporadic public appearances, etc. In the few years since he's retired, Kobe's won a fucking Oscar. Dude had an investment fund he was working on, and a plethora of other activities and shit. Dude was keeping active, dude had so much left to accomplish, and with his work ethic I wouldn't have bet against the man.
Yeet for distance, Kobe for accuracy.
Kobe for every nade tbh
Y o b e
Yeebe
Yoda
Lol'd
rest in power, one of the greatest every HE will be in his name
amen
I was in a comp game when the news dropped, and both our teams decided to throw grenades at each other in mid as a tribute
I joined a comp match about 30 min after the news dropped and there was a guy in there named Kobe Bryant who had no idea Kobe has actually died. He change his name to Rip Kobe and then everyone else in the lobby did too
What was his rank?
Silver 5 IIRC
I’m silver 4 so could be possible
Just played with that rip Kobe dude
Probably a different person
Probably but, there is a chance
wholesome :)
I think I was in that game... Was it on Cache? I'm moist butts if it was.
Hey man, that's really wholesome, can you please share the demo?
I played one game today and won on a nade kill
super fucking wholesome
Might feel a bit weird to yell his name when somebody dies in a fiery explosion now =/ but I don't think we should change it. Rest in peace, Kobe.
Less fiery, more...dusty? HE's don't make fire
Oops, good point.
The dust, it's in my eyes!
Dust killed Kobe stay woke
[deleted]
dude
I'm just glad that I wasn't the only one to immediately think about this when I heard the news. RIP Kobe I will remember you with every frag out!
Every nade kill in every game must from now on be followed by a quick point to the heavens
Let's all memorialize Kobe Bryant by posting our best/favorite HE grenade moments in CS history. I'll start by posting Dosia's HE grenade vs Immortals in the grand final of the PGL Krakow 2017 major. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzeuySdai40
500iq
It’s funny cause Kobe wouldn’t want you to change it knowing he would pass like this LEGEND
Yelling "Kobe" when shooting a basket a lot different than throwing a grenade to kill someone though. I definitely think he deserves a moment of silence and maybe we hold off and making it a joke for a bit before saying it to honor him.
How can you possibly know something like that? Did you know him?
Kobe was never the most athletic freak of nature out there like someone like lebron for example you saw him always at his worst vulnerable hurt and he would push through and try his best to win. You hear crazy stories about his work ethic. Just the fact he tore his Achilles and got up then walked to the free throw line made them and walked off just shows his heart and passion. He was more than basketball he showed everyone that passion and heart can help us push us so I’m rambling but how would I know he would say that dumbass because it’s mother fucking Kobe bean Bryant
In all my years of CS (since the betas), I've never heard anyone ever make this reference. Until today on social media. Was this really that wide spread? How could I be in such a bubble? I've played in many regions, all versions, and have thousands of hours. It's baffling to me. To clarify, I'm not contesting that it's a thing. I'm pointing out how baffled I am at not ever having this be a part of my experience. This is the biggest shock to me. I loved basketball (played 6 days a week for all of elementry and highschool, tournaments in different parts of the country, all that), Played and still play CS since 1999. Grew up west coast. Really had no idea this was a thing.
What? I would never know him if it was not for CSGO. People say it every time someone hits good HE grenade.
That's exactly what I've never heard (from Canada, Living in EU now). Maybe I just missed it, who knows. Played basketball for half my life so I'm really surprised I never experienced his reach beyond the game (bball). To clarify, I'm not contesting that it's a thing. I'm pointing out how baffled I am at not ever having this be a part of my experience.
I've played since source on the west coast, and hear it all the time
even in asia we say kobe if someone hits a nice nade.
It's a yankee thing. I've played over 20 000 hours CS. Yes, since 1.5, I've 7000 hours solely clocked on CSGO and I've never, ever heard someone say "kobe" after HE. Someone could've said, but surely it isn't widely used in eu.
Play EU, been playing cs for 8+ years, have heard it as long as I can remember
Aussie here, Kobe is the traditional battle cry when throwing nades
I've heard it all over EU and NA
Definitely super common in CS but also was/is common anytime you throw a piece of trash from across the room and hit the trashcan perfectly.
Ive been playing on and off since 2001. I don't remember anyone yelling Kobe for a grenade kill until I started playing csgo. I play in North America, and it is very common for someone to yell Kobe for a nade kill. Pretty much every nade kill that ive witnessed in csgo someone yells out Kobe.
search kobe csgo on youtube and you'll see heaps of stuff
We say Kobe for nade kills in 'Straya too
I'm in the UK with 1600ish hours and me and my friends say it most of the time when someone gets killed by a grenade, even if we dont say it out loud I'll normally put in the chat or some shit. I don't even remember how I first found out about it to be honest though
Probably NA streamers transferred it if you spent any time watching twitch.
He'll be remembered every time someone tosses something in a trash can too. It's incredible the impact one dude playing sports can have on society. RiP to The Mamba.
Now would be the perfect time for the first HE skin. Would be an awesome way for CSGO to acknowledge how he transcended basketball. Either black snakeskin for the Black Mamba or a purple/yellow Lakers design.
Or just a basketball?
I mean, sure! But imo if you’re going to make the effort, then take the extra step to tie it directly to Kobe.
Basketball 24 on one side and 8 on the other would be nice
If they did it, it should be free like the lab rat mp5(?).
Absolutely. It would be scummy af to profit off of someone's death like that.
They could make it a non-tradable item that you automatically get when you finish the achievement for 100 HE kills or something like that. So it doesn’t just become the Gibus of CSGO
valve probably doesn't want to associate themself with Kobe.
They had no problem having skin gambling sites that targeted kids as sponsors at events. The moral high ground argument here is shaky at best.
yeah but the skins only caused kids to steal from mommy's purse, Kobe Bryant cheated on his wife :p
They could only do that for free, or they'd be exploiting his death though.
Yeah, I commented on that somewhere else in this thread
People have said Kobe for throwing all sorts of things. Isn't just a CSGO thing. Good for his memory nonetheless.
Kids at my school said it for a solid few years when throwing things across the room before I graduated last year
Kids were saying that shit 10 years ago before I graduated highschool.
Longer. Been like 15 years since that skit on Chappelle's Show. He's sitting on the bed and yells "Kobe!" when he throws a condom in the trash.
Love
What the fuck. How does Kobe autocorrect to Love? Lol
Kids were saying that 15 years ago
Yeah I remember hearing it all the way back in elementary too, but it just had a weird resurgence at my school where everyone was doing it for a while. Was enjoyable, people can make some crazy shots
15 years ago elementary school Fuck am I old?
Exactly. But that just shows how influential and amazing he was at his job.
Staple of beer pong isolation shots
[deleted]
In the US when you throw a crumpled up paper into a trashcan you yell Kobe
We did it in school in Australia of all places as well.
Cultural appropriation smh
We also do it here in the Philippines.
But admit it, that phase has already passed. People actively still yell Kobe in CS
[deleted]
During. It's just a thing. If you miss you laugh at yourself
When you throw it midair. How else do you even do it?
If you miss you say shaq
Then you pick yourself back up and try again.
that's the most stereotypical millennial american comment I've ever heard.
[deleted]
And by fade away, I don't mean fadeaway Picking on smaller channels is the saddest way
Live in Canada, said it all throughout elementary, middle, and high school before throwing paper in the trash.
Same, good times good times
Aside from all sorts of IRL stuff, a long range Ziggs ult from LoL would draw a lot of "Kobe!"s
In Dead By Daylight people say "Kobe" as a hail mary phrase when they try to unhook themselves (very low chance of happening in a game and more often than not will get you killed faster for attempting)
[deleted]
Trying to get your mileage out of this comment, huh?
Came to newest exactly for this ?
Same, I've been scrolling through everything Kobe related the past hour just soaking it all in still. Haven't even played CS:GO in a few years now after playing daily during high school. Weird seeing how many people had the same idea to check this sub after the news.
Rest in Peace Kobe
I actually found out he had passed during a game, someone told us in the chat. I am incredibly sad, my favorite player ever. He will forever be immortalized, amongst many other ways, as Kobe will always be sung when a grenade is thrown.
Kobe is really special for counter strike community. When a player killed by a hand grenade from long distances or hard angles, you can see hundreds of people spamming KOBEEE on chat. Not Jordan, not LeBron or not some other legend player. It was always Kobe and it will always be. And now it's more meaningful than ever, whenever a KOBEEE moment happen we remember his memory. Rest in peace Legend.
rip to all 9 people in that helicopter
It’s insane how wide Kobe’s impact was.
You may have a point because I learned of his death from your post
Shocked to see a tribute here. ??
It would be cool to see a small mark added to the HE texture in his honor.
This shit hit home. As for someone who also plays sports, and video games, his name is part of the norm in both worlds. His name made me want to be like him, his name kept the comedy going during a good comp session in cs, his name will forever be with us. A coworker told me about the news while we were working, and after 9 hours it still hasn't clicked in my head that Kobe really is gone. I never knew the man personally, but I know the whole world grieves, especially for his daughter. It's just, sad knowing that we could just die doing our normal routine (They were heading to practice at Mamba Academy I heard). Gianna had so much in front of her at 13 years old, and she had her dad to lead her through. Rest in Piece Kobe, the whole world will never forget you. You have connected everyone through your name.
I was playing CSGO when someone on my team told me he died. He somehow found out 6 minutes after the first couple articles were posted.
Hit a few in some comps tonight, rip to the goat ?
You can thank Dave Chappelle for that.
How so? Did he do it in a skit or something?
Yeah, he did a sketch where he yelled “Kobe!” Before throwing something which started the meme like a decade or so ago.
It was a meme before he did that. That's why he did it.
I’ve never heard of it before Chappelle. After that sketch, everyone I knew was saying it though.
We were saying it in cs before then. He definitely made it bigger though.
Before that sketch it was touchdown after that sketch was when kobe really caught on.
Touchdown? Never heard anyone say that. Before Kobe it was jordan.
We were yelling Kobe all the way back in 1.6.
You realise that sketch predates 1.6 right? It is the reason the phrase is so popular.
If that sketch is part of the first season of Chappelle show, 1.6 predates the sketch. Depending on the release date, it could come down to matter of days or months. Edit: Skit is Love Contract, premiered February 11 2004, like 5 months after 1.6 left beta.
You're right, I thought it was part of season 1. Either way I'm still fairly certain that sketch is the reason the phrase is so popular.
That's my bad. The comment above me said "a decade or so ago" and of course 1.6 is much older than that. Thanks for the correction.
It's ok the skit is post 1.6 either way, not by much though. I'm still fairly certain it is the origin of its popularity though.
I always heard people say "Jordan" before this sketch happened.
Yes but it’s adorable to see individual communities all pat themselves on the back for coining something that had been around for years lol
Hilarious sketch
Not even just CSGO, but gaming in general. Lots of people across different games scream "KOBE" every time they yeet a nade at someone.
I don't want to be that guy but csgo isn't where kobe started in video games right?
It's a universal thing to say when throwing something at a target.
He was my fav cloud 9 player
I'm not trying to disrespect this guy at all. But who was he and what relation he had with cs?
Kobe was a legendary basketball player who had his name turned into a term used when someone manages to make a successful longshot. In CSGO, his name is used when getting an impressive nade kill.
Oh thank you and everyone who responded :)! And what a sad new :( R.I.P.
He was one of the all-time great basketball players, near the top of the highest scorers ever, and so when someone tosses an HE and gets a kill with it, it's common (in the US at least) to shout "Kobe!" as a nod to his unparalleled ability to get round objects exactly where he wanted them.
For as long as I can remember, whenever players would throw a nade it just kinda became a thing to yell 'KOBE' when you throw it, referencing how Kobe Bryant would constantly dunk basketballs on people, something like that
not dunk, but his 3s/pull up jumpers
Kobe
It's not a CSGO thing either. It's what american kids say when they shoot a basket.
He was a famous NBA (Basketball) player. It is related to CS as Kobe is now used as a phrase for accuracy when throwing grenades in CS.
whenever people would throw a paper into a trashcan (or in cs world, dunk on someone with an HE) they would yell KOBE! it’s used in a lot more places than just CS. The closest actual relation would be (that i know of) Rick Fox w Echo Fox, and that’s a stretch. edit: oh yeah, NBA player, a great one to say the least. thought you just asked in context of CS.
[removed]
Not even just the CS community. EVERY game where you can throw something has the community use the phrase 'Kobe'. As long as you can throw something. That phrase will never die, and nor will Kobe's legacy
Yesterday night I was yelling Kobe when throwing nades at the enemies. Not going to be the same anymore sadly.
I heard the suggestion to say "for kobe" instead of "kobe" and i thought it was a really sweet touch
we will call every kobe the nadeking.
Unfortunately today in csgo I had someone tell me in wingman he was happy. He said, fck him, fck veterans, and f*ck kobe over over and over. And a bunch of other messed up bs It really really made me sad, idk how people can be that way. They didn't win a single round.
My favourite Kobe moment was when some European faceit random killed me with a nade... And proceeded to type "cobain" into chat. RIP
Now when we throw a nade we should say: for kobe
Rather than calling Kobe, we should now call "For Kobe"
We shouldn’t say “ KOBE “ anymore, we should say “ FOR KOBE “
rip kobe
RIP Kobe
We should do something to honor him and his legacy, we lost a legend today! Post your favorite Kobe-throws or sth...
RIP
??
Man me and my friends were playing a little bit ago and my friend threw a wild made and I yelled “Kobe!”. Another friend responds and said “you can’t say that anymore”. It really hit me then man. Fuck this cruel ass world. Rip to a legend
We can't say that anymore?
[removed]
I hate this but thank you, I love this.
Rip Legend. Absolute mad lad on the court.
We used to say Jordan when we through nades in early versions of cs
Rest in peace
Damn RIP Kobe.
RIP Legend
I honestly got a nade kill yesterday and KOBE'd him
Cause that’s kinda cool too
Maybe give us a kobe spray paint on the wall somewhere? Would be nice
I didnt even knew he died. I thought it was a CSGO player or something. Damn
Is there somewhere we can play nades only? F
Now when we throw HE’s we have to change it to “FOR KOBE” instead.
Why is it Kobe and not Jordan or Lebron though? Was Kobe the best and most popular player when CSGO and it's streams/tournaments started to go viral?
Kobe was blowing up and just really the man in the early 2000’s, at the same time CS was blowing up. If CS woulda been coming up in the early 90’s we might have been spamming Jordan, and LeBron if it was early 2010’s. Just perfect timing to forever cement the GOAT into the CS community.
Kobe has a signature pull-back jump shot. Jordan / LeBron are power forwards who dunk and defend. Mamba's philosophy was for the other 4 players on his team to give him the ball and let him do the rest. His accuracy is his trademark, hence Kobe. The reason it made its way in to CSGO is because it's a universal thing to say when making a targeted shot with an object. Think paper in a trash can, etc.
Yeah, but the battle field kids are calling helicopter road kills a Kobe now too.
say what? kobe ded?
I think it SUCKS that TMZ let this out before the family was told officially. THAT'S FUCKED UP!
That's exactly what I was thinking after hearing the news. RIP Kobe.
https://static.esea.net/global/images/teams/85588.1406535294.png
https://static.esea.net/global/images/teams/85588.1406535294.png
Out of all the deaths recently Kobe hits hard. Man was one of the best role models, ever
But in Finland it's a Markkanen :/
Nade dunks will now have a hint of sadness. Let this live on in remembrance of him.
If it is possible, I would like to Valve to make a HE skin like his jersey or put number 24 on the nade or something like that.
I actually got the news while playing csgo late night on a dm server. It was around 3 am in the morning and we were all discussing celebrity deaths since one of the guy had name "kurt kocaine". And then one guy joined in and said, kobe is dead, the guy with nade dunk meme. Even I never watched a match of basketball myself but knew the guy's name. Just sad feels all round.
I was thinking the exact same thing:(
I had that same thought. I wanted to say something about iton my snapchat story when I gave my little "rip Kobe" post, but no one would have gotten it
U
So sad. Every time my team or the enemy team gets a nade kill everyone in the team writes “KOBE”. Just shows what a legend Kobe really was. Rip
Should add a basketball looking grenade skin named “Koby”
Kobe!!!
RIP
I Don't watch basketball so i didn't know much about the guy, but the fact that he left an imprint on a completely different community is pretty impressive
Shouting Kobe everytime one of us gets a frag with a grenade. RIP. Also condolences to the family and friends involved in the crash.
Let's collect signatures to commemorate him in the game.
Remembering Kobe Bryant is becoming harder as u/lockheedmartin and Sikorsky deleted every tweed depicting him with their products today. Sikorsky Deleted Tweet
For Kobe!
RIP, i love you Kobe, you will be always in my mind. See you soon.
Unfortunately, this is real. EDIT: TMZ: 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria Onore -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221537476893925376 Sources: Kobe Bryant was on his way to a travel basketball game with his daughter Gianna when the helicopter crashed. Those aboard the helicopter also included another player and parent.
Man. Kobe is just one of those people you think "they'll be around for years". death is a bitch.
Yeah, I could see him being an ambassador and involved in the league for years to come. This is so sudden.
He was really starting to get the hang of it in TV and radio too. He had decades of sportscasting left in him
Yeah, we were supposed to grow old and see guys like him, MJ, LeBron, etc like we do Bill Russell today. He's not supposed to just leave so sudden like this.
Yea but we have Charles Barkley
I'm glad for the guys we have too. You just never think about such a huge figure like Kobe just dying as young as he does. That's not supposed to happen.
13 year old children dying isn’t supposed to happen.
Does anyone know what happened to the helicopter?
Apparently there was poor visibility and they accidentally crashed on a hill
Oh that's even worse. I thought something happened to it to make it crash.
He was also into investing in startups. Seemed like he'd be around forever
We didn’t even get to see his HOF induction...
Crumpling and tossing paper balls into trash cans and shouting Kobe will never feel the same, honestly. RIP.
As Chicago kids we used to say Kobe when we missed. This is so sad though, he’s one of those guys you know that was going to do something great in retirement. Sad day for sports and all involved
We'd say Kobe when we shot and then LeBron when we missed.
I'm whiter than Casper the friendly ghost so I say "Colby"
This is super cool to hear as someone from the LA area. We say Kobe as we shoot. I just think its fitting that Chicago would do the same thing but when they miss haha. RIP Kobe.
Did it just this weekend too :/
We have to keep doing it to keep his memory alive ?
Did it 20 minutes before I heard the news. Life is crazy
Throwing grenades in video games too.
My wife gets mad because our bin has a lid so you know it's not going in. I still have to Kobe it....
Joke's on her. The bin is goaltending, so you get the points every time.
Anyone who has ever tossed a paper ball or juice pack or anything really has yelled out Kobe at some point in their life. It's crazy, even the best shooters today can't replace that worldwide phenomenon. Tossing paper balls will never feel the same. Legends live forever, RIP Kobe.
Plus one of those you think "i'm gonna tell my kid that i watched this old man in his 20s and 30s in his prime." :( Now it'll be pictures instead of seeing a 70, 80 year old kobe at an NBA game.
Exactly, the man had so much left to give to the game of basketball and sports in general for years to come. I just felt like he'd be around for decades like Bill Russell.
Life’s a bitch
Even people who aren't into sports know who Kobe Bryant is, this is huge news. RIP
Can confirm. Not into basketball, know about Kobe. Autocorrect keeps changing 'Kobe' to 'Love'. Even autocorrect loves Kobe.
My wife sent me a text saying... Love Bryant died. It hit a little harder once I found out.
Yup. I haven't followed basketball in years and this still hit me a little. I didn't even like the Lakers. That's just how good he was If you throw something for power, you say 'Yeet'. If you throw something for accuracy, you say 'Kobe'. Imma be sad throwing paper towels into trashcans for a while
Yep, he's one of those names like Messi, Ronldo, Tiger Woods, Usain Bolt. RIP.
I don`t watch basketball and I heard his name for the first time today. So not everyone knows about him.
I don’t know about him either, and neither does my family. Not everyone follows sport.
TMZ wouldn't put this out without verification, so I guess this is real. RIP
They may be annoying tabloid journalists most of the time, but they wouldn't fuck around with someone dying. Insane.
Apparently they got the Prince death story out hours before other outlets
Apparently they got the Prince death story out hours before other outlets Thought you gonna say "they got the Prince death story out hours before he died"
"Whoops! It looks like our sources were wrong! I can't believe I accidentally posted this article!" Head of TMZ loading gun: "No... We never get the story wrong. Don't worry, we'll make it right."
That pretty much sounds like Harvey.
Sounds like a South Park episode.
Dont make me laugh in this thread dammit
Didn’t think I’d laugh so hard in this thread, but thanks.
Lol quick way to set yourself up for murder investigation. “our sources tell us prince will be dead in an hour”
I'm pretty sure that some sites were reporting that Tom Petty was dead hours before he was actually dead
If I remember correctly, Tom Petty had a heart attack and was unresponsive, but they technically resuscitated him and got him to the hospital, only for him to die later in the day.
Yup, he had a massive heart attack but I don't think he had passed away yet. At least according to his daughter
[deleted]
*3 were not, Vanessa and his 3 kids are safe. Sadly reports say his daughter Gigi was lost in this tragedy.
Looking like this might not be true in regards to the kids EDIT: It is being reported now that one of his children was on board. The updates keep coming in and only seem to be worse. Terrible day
I just read that, initial reports suggested otherwise. I'm so sad to hear this.
TMZ just reported one of his daughters was on board.
TMZ now reporting his 13 year old daughter was there with him. We’ll probably see in the press conference in about an hour
They got Michael Jackson's death long before everyone else.
IIRC, they also broke Michael Jackson's death first, and just about everyone tried to brush it off. TMZ may be a gossip rag, but they don't screw around with celebrity deaths.
They are renowned for fast and accurate reporting on celebrity news, especially dark news like this. It's truly remarkable. I never doubt their accuracy even though they are a trashy tabloid rag.
It’s not really respectable. They’re fast because they don’t wait for next of kin notification
Don't praise them. They report this before families are notified, they get to be first because other organizations will withold the news. It's not about being good reporters, it's quite the opposite.
TMZ has been one of the most reputable for like 10 years now.
They're quite honestly the fastest news outlet out there now. So much so that ESPN gets everything after them.
Damn dude this is some freak accident shit. I thought helicopters were supposed to be the safest air travel. Edit: I thought wrong
Not sure if this is sarcasm, but helicopters are the most dangerous form of air travel (compared to planes)
Nope, not sarcasm, just wildly misinformed. Freak accident still stands, though. Fucked up
you couldn't pay me to get in a fucking helicopter
[deleted]
might just hop in
Just FYI this doesn't mean they're dangerous. They're incredibly safe. Unfortunately unlike planes when they fall they fall spectacularly.
Helicopters can still autorotate. It has more to do with how they're used. They fly at lower altitudes where collisions with power lines and such are more likely, and Most crashes are during takeoff and landing, which gives helicopters a much higher rate of crashes per flight hour because they make so many short flights.
You can’t autorotate if your main rotor blades have 0 pitch or your tail rotor fails. Autorotation only works if you lose power but keep your rotor pitch
This, planes have a chance to glide and most larger airliners can do everything on one engine. Helicopters become bricks when power is lost. Edit: Check people who know more than I below.
This is tragic, so I feel a bit weird correcting someone, but autorotation is the helicopter equivalent of gliding. Just like a plane though, if the failure is significant enough, there can be no chance of recovery.
Autorotation is not nearly as reliable as gliding. I wouldnt trust it, and I'm a PPL. Edit: I'll add it's because while gliding is simply airspeed maintenance at best glide, autorotation requires a lot of skill to do. More than what I'd be willing to trust myself to be able to do.
No offense, but I’ve spent a lot of time around pilots (I worked for a manufacturer), and y’all tend to be very “cliquey”. Fixed-wing guys can’t understand why anyone would want to fly rotary-wing, and vice versa. Also, PPL doesn’t mean you know anything at all about rotary-wing. Helicopters have different glide ratios and dead-stick flight characteristics just like airplanes. Some autorotate easily, while others require optimal conditions. Think of it this way, would you rather be caught dead-stick in a Piper Cub, or a Super King Air 350? The same kinds of disparity exist in helicopters. Most civil aviation helicopters autorotate easily because customers demand it. No one wants to fly their executives around in a brick.
No believe me I agree with you. I was just saying that even though I'm willing to fly in fixed wing I'm not willing to fly rotary aircraft. Like you said, it's a common sentiment. (I'll admit I didnt realize it went both ways, as most non military guys I know learned in fixed initially then went to helicopters). I'm a PPL... I'm not super pilot over here. I'm just saying that even as a low hour guy the physics of it make me uneasy.
Not unless they actually lose their rotors. They go down a lot harder than intended, but they can “glide” by autorotating the rotors.
They don't really even go down that hard. Yes the descent is significantly faster than a plane gliding, but near the bottom you can "flare" by moving the cyclic backwards, then increasing collective to increase the pitch of the blades as you get closer to the ground. Autorotational landings can be very smooth if you maintain enough rotor RPM and don't decelerate or raise collective too early (or too late).
This isn't totally true. The air resistance from a falling helicopter turns the rotor and creates enough lift to be vaguely controlled by a competent pilot (and it is normally a part of the training).
Actually Helicopters can 'glide' without power as well. There is a really good Smarter Every Day video about it (go here to skip the intro).
Helicopters have much higher accident rates vs planes.
All sorts of magazines have put it out now, I really can't believe this holy shit it's so surreal
Yeah, here's other sources. https://www.local10.com/news/local/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-dies-in-california-helicopter-crash/ https://twitter.com/shaunking/status/1221518852783210496 https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221521133608079368 https://twitter.com/ChrisBHaynes/status/1221521462613250049 https://twitter.com/latimes/status/1221522393086038017
[deleted]
Buuuut.... https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486?s=19
I definitely think it's legit, but that source doesn't do anything but say that TMZ reported it was Kobe.
RIP Kobe, CNN is still not confirming identities. [edit]Now confirmed.
Oh wow, yeah, that hits hard for some reason.
Unless they were hacked. Their site is down. That could be due to insane traffic, but TMZ should be used to it. I believe they announced Chester's death first by far - but that exclusive made sense. How do you get an exclusive on a heli crash? TMZ's the only one reporting, all the others are citing TMZ for the claim. Not saying to keep your hopes up, but it does look a bit strange right now.
How do you get an exclusive on a heli crash? Paparazzi's probably tracked the entire Helicopter flight, and then sold this info to TMZ immediately
How do you get an exclusive on a heli crash? Helicopter is also reported to be owned by Kobe. Flights of celebrity planes/choppers are probably tracked pretty closely by paparazzi.
Also easy enough to track it with Flightradar or other aircraft tracking sites if you know the helicopter info.
[deleted]
Probably not. Usually if something goes wrong in a helicopter, you don’t have time to call it in. In any aircraft, the priorities are “aviate, navigate, communicate,” in that order. Fly as best you can, make sure you’re paying attention to where you’re going, then — only if you’re managing the first two and have time — radio to tell someone what’s happening.
The helicopter crash has been reported by multiple other sources independently, there's pretty much 100% certainty that happened. TMZ rarely gets these things wrong and it wouldn't be that surprising that one of their sources was following Kobe today. Edit: Woj is now confirming it :( https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221521133608079368
Kobe Bryant died in a helicoper crash in Calabasas Sunday morning ... TMZ Sports has confirmed. Kobe was traveling with at least 3 other people in his private helicopter when it went down. A fire broke out. Emergency personnel responded, but nobody on board survived. 5 people are confirmed dead. We're told Vanessa Bryant was not among those on board. The cause of the crash is under investigation. Kobe has famously used a helicopter to travel for years -- dating back to when he played for the Lakers. He was known for commuting from Newport Beach, CA to the STAPLES Center in DTLA in his Sikorsky S-76 chopper. KB is survived by his wife Vanessa, and their four daughters -- Gianna, Natalia and Bianca and their newborn Capri.
Damn, 4 kids without their dad. Horrificly sad. Edit: It looks like one of the kids was in the helicopter...
ABC just reported his daughters were with him but not Vanessa...fahhhhhkkkk (Edit)Kids being involved no longer being reported by ABC. Matt Gutman never stuck me as a bullshit artist but he better have a very good reason he said that on a special report breaking into a national broadcast like the pro bowl. (Second edit) TMZ confirming that one daughter at least was with him, Gianna (Gigi) and they were en route to basketball practice for her at Kobe's Mamba Academy. https://www.tmz.com/
They said his daughters were with him and all died then immediately said that it’s not confirmed and they don’t know that. What the fuck kind of reporting is that. Edit : for everyone commenting on this, this was ABC news reporting this bullshit during a cut in the middle of the pro bowl. TMZ did not say this, their article stuck to the facts as far as I can tell. Edit 2: apparently tmz now reporting 1 daughter was in fact on the helicopter. Edit 3: some more top notch reporting from MSNBC this time. probably nsfw
Shit reporting.
Made u click... oops
they got their bread tho.. lame world of journalism.
Click bait reporting
Misinformation is unreal. Imagine next of kin finding out through social media...
They drop a bomb and then say "don't quote us on that", basically. Shitty journalism, but very effective on getting views and clicks.
[deleted]
What the fuck kind of reporting is that. Par for the course in this day of racing to release news first. There’s no such thing as vetting a source anymore.
They’re the same channel that ran that Kentucky gun range as bombings in a foreign country. People should know by now they’re full of shit
Fuck that kind of journalism, dude... If they don’t know it’s true, they shouldn’t be saying it.
Happens all the time. I was apart of an airplane incident a few years back that made some national news headlines and most of the details reported were incorrect.
How the fuck does that woman mix up lakers and the N word?
lmao I have no idea. My best guess is she started to say knicks then switched to lakers and came out knickers. She definitely paused before hand and still fucked it up.
Goofed up mid saying nicks and tried to switch to lakers. Just an unfortunate combination of words to stumble on.
This is why journalism sucks these days
Crazy TMZ is doing the most responsible reporting
I really hope this isn't true:(
https://twitter.com/olehkosel/status/1221525847154122754?s=12 Edit: Only one daughter, apparently.
They’re saying 5 dead. Did he pilot it himself?
He does have his pilots license so maybe
He’s been known to do that
[deleted]
Wtf wtf wtffff. Someone...more proof please. Holy moly
no fucking way
Yeah that reporter is the only one who has said his daughters were on board. If 5 is the correct number, Kobe and the pilot make 2 so that makes me think the 4 daughters were not on board
Could be the 3 outside of the newborn?
Yeah I was thinking the same because the newborn would probably stay with Vanessa
I mean it's a private heli and Kobe could've been piloting it...
Yeah definitely. Didn’t realize Kobe had his license
Def not sure but it would make sense. Plenty of crashes from rich people crashing their private hilicopters.
Hard for poor people to crash their helicopters
totaled my ferrari on my way to western union/liquor store.
bravo
He's been well known for flying helicopters but I've seen it confirmed he was a passenger
Was Kobe a pilot?
Yes
One daughter confirmed :( https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
Wait haven’t read that his daughters were with him. You got a link man, if that’s true holy shit his wife man. She’s gotta be beyond distraught. Edit: ABC announced daughters were onboard but are now backing away from that statement. Edit2: one daughter was onboard Gianna 13 years old
I just saw it on TV on abc as well. A special report before the pro bowl kickoff.
ABC broke into the pro bowl and their report said his daughters were on board... I haven’t seen that report elsewhere and I hope it’s not true. Otherwise his wife lost her whole family in one day.
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
Source?
That better not be fact yet
Link.
It was on the abc news break in the pro bowl that the abc reporter traveling to the sight said it.
His youngest daughter is 6 months old...no way she was on a helicopter.
Man, best of wishes to her.
Being reported the kids were on the helicopter.... unreal. EDIT: It seems to have been confirmed this was a false report.
Source. Reported by who? If you have a source post it
ABC
I hope to god that ain’t true.
Thankfully Vanessa was not on the helicopter
I'm sure she's wishing she was on it at this point.
Id personally much rather die with my family than survive after my whole family died. Not saying that this happened in this situation, just my point of view so yeah.
Well they have a newborn daughter too. So she has stick around for her at least....
So absolutely heartbreaking, that poor woman
No one wants to outlive their children (if those reports are accurate)
Unfortunately the daughter has also been reported dead https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ ReplyShareSaveEdit
Man, I was a much bigger fan of rush (I saw the 2012 time machin tour), I was obsessed with monty python for a few years in middle school, and never really that into basketball, but this is just hitting me so much harder right now. Much more unexpected and sudden. He was still young and had young kids, he was still working on so many projects. This is terrible
I was wondering which celebrity would be the third. Was not expecting this.
News reports are now saying that all his daughters were on the helicopter. [edit] Apparently ABC was talking out their asses and said this without confirming. Other reports are saying his children were not onboard.
I keep seeing this, but no one has links
ABC broke into the pro bowl and their report said his daughters were on board... I haven’t seen that report elsewhere and I hope it’s not true. Otherwise his wife lost her whole family in one day.
That's shit reporting and they have no evidence of that, there's no fucking way. if 5 died and 4 of his daughters were there, then who was the pilot?
He could have been. He was licensed and known to do so.
Source? EDIT: Confirmed his daughter Gigi was on board.
His daughter Gianna was also among the 5, even more heartbreaking.
Gianna confirmed as one of the victims
[deleted]
No fucking way
I’ve never been in such shock over an athlete’s death, dude is an absolute icon and a legend already and is gone at such a young age
I'm in the same boat. I've never been a huge fan of basketball, but you hear these names over and over again and I have immense respect for them. My heart sunk when I saw the news.
I don't think I've even watched a full basketball game but I'm shocked and saddened, in that boat with you.
Exactly, and realizing he was only 12 years older than me. Only 12 fucking years. It's surreal, this is actually making me feel something and I never watch basketball.
It's not even about basketball. Someone who had their life ahead of them and finally got to enjoy family time after a successful career had that life stripped from them.
I was just watching the Hoosiers game and heard breaking news. Saw Bryant's picture and my jaw dropped, only because he was at the game just the other night to congratulate James on passing him in points...
He wasn’t at the game but tweeted afterwards to congratulate James
Yeah...I went from furious to somber very quickly. Terrible news
I don't even watch Basketball. This is gut wrenching. My god
Right?! Fuck I mean, i know nothing about the sport but that dude is a legend and EVERYONE knows him... I'm shocked and really sad
Absolute legend. This is unreal
And a 13 year old little girl who had her whole life ahead of her. Don't forget about her....
To me personally, this is second to Roy Halladay, just because I'm from Toronto. But I think in the world of sports this is the biggest of my lifetime, in terms of an athlete dying either while active or soon after, in terms of how good they were.
Yeah, Philadelphia fan here and it’s on par with Halladay in terms of shock. Most Philly fans I know respected Kobe because of his local ties even if we didn’t like the man or his game.
I’d have to agree. No sports icons at all in recent years. We’ve been lucky.
Yeah except Kobe I don’t think they are gonna find ambien, morphine, and amphetamines in Kobe’s system...
Reminds me a little bit of Jose Fernandez death except obviously Kobe is a bigger name. Just remember seeing the news and being in utter shock
Probably nothing at this level since Halladay, or even Clemente or Marciano.
Yeah this Clemente. I remember that. But without social media things seemed more distant then. We didn’t know our athletes as people.
Fernandez affected me way more. He was so young, and still active, and I’m a way bigger baseball fan. And watching the next game vs the Mets was horrific. The teammates were in such incredible pain. Bartolo Colon purposely let Dee Gordon hit a leadoff homer. He hadn’t hit a homer all year and he hit it into the upper deck. He sobbed as he went around the bases and collapsed into his teammates’ arms in the dugout. I’ll never forget it. None of that diminishes Kobe’s greatness or the magnitude of this loss. We all have our most poignant experiences.
I thought it was a joke. This is unbelievable
He was literally at a Lakers game like yesterday. How unreliably terrible for this to happen. Shooting while saying his name was something everyone on the playground did. What an absolute legend.
Every trash bin toss ever
I will be yelling "KOBE!" every time I throw some wadded up paper into the trash can for the rest of my life.
Literally just did it yesterday in front of everyone at work. Looked cool as shit. This is sad.
EVER!!!!
Lebron broke his all time scoring record yesterday. This is some freaky shit.
Googled Kobe and the first thing to pop up is a tweet from him congratulating Lebron 17 hours ago. Feels so surreal right now.
Yeah, for some reason people dying and having a twitter feed freaks me out. You see a post from a few hours ago like theyre still alive living life... and that's the last thing they ever post. What the hell. It's so weird and surreal and unsettling.
Yeah, Tony Bourdain posted his lunch on Instagram a few hours before he killed himself. That depresses the shit out of me for some reason. Like he felt bad enough to kill himself, but still kept Up appearances.
The last thing kobe tweeting was celebrating lebron for passing him
Yeet for distance Kobe for accuracy Dude was a living legend
ABC cut away from the Pro Bowl broadcast to report about it, the anchor must've repeated the line "Kobe Bryant is dead" 8 times and the sentence still isn't computing for me.
I think this is the most heartfelt reaction ive seen from the public since robin williams
In terms of “no way”, I haven’t felt this way since Jose Fernandez (2016) and I’m sure a lot of people agree if they follow baseball. But even Fernandez didn’t have nearly the same kind of clout that Kobe did. Fernandez was an up and coming baseball star, but man if Kobe isn’t an American icon. Thats how it goes I guess
Kobe was a global icon. I'm British and have never watched basketball and this still shocked me
They probably had to. Everyone including players was in denial for a bit.
This is just so goddamn unbelievable. Not even a basketball fan but everyone knows that Kobe was just an amazing athlete
i literally said this. i first stumbled on the news on a random instagram post and was like "that's kind of a tasteless joke" then saw the official news and was like "no fucking way".
We were talking at home over coffee how gloomy the weather was because it's always sunny here (I live 15 minutes from calabasas) It is a very sad day in L.A., everyone is in total disbelief. This sucks.
12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. Via TMZ
She's the one who's really good at basketball isn't she?
Article I read said yes, was an up-and-coming player herself. RIP such a loss of proven talent and potential in that crash.
I can't imagine how his wife, who was his highschool sweetheart for more than 20 years, feels right now....
Yeah, they went through rough times and nearly split but they didn’t, so they were together all that time til now. I’m just a little relieved that it was only one daughter instead of all 4 like early reports stated might’ve been the case. Their father’s & sister’s blood carries on in them. Poor baby Capri, who was just given his name as her middle name. She had so little time with them.
Yea. Watch her clips. She was very talented at a young age. RIP
Welp.. there goes the legitimate succession. RIP.
Yes, they were on the way to her team’s practice at Mamba Academy near Thousand Oaks
Ah fuck, was hoping none of his kids were on board. This feels similar to what happened to Colin McRae.
TMZ broke the news when Michael Jackson died. I trust them with this. Damn.
RIP to the legend. He tweeted literally 16 hours ago about Lebron passing him in points. That's so surreal.
Absolutely terrible news. Kobe was an absolute legend, to put it very short. For him to go out like this? This is just terrible.
This dude has literally been a icon the entire time I've been watching sports. Idk if I'll ever feel the same tossing a wadded up paper into a trash can anymore. Yelling "Kobe!" Would be too sad.
I was thinking the same thing. Next time I yell "KOBEE" it will be with the most respect. Dude was a legend and gone way too soon
This is absolutely nuts, so young. Definitely a sports tragedy that will be talked about for a long time
Bro for a second I thought this said Michael Jordan and thought I was in some alternate timeline
Apparently people are saying TMZ even broke the news before the family was notified by authorities I can’t imagine what it is like for his wife and daughters right now
Anyone know how TMZ manages to find out this type of news first?
RIP Kobe. Man when I was in high school and played basketball north of LA he and Shaq were gods. Wow can’t believe this.
My heart is shattered. Grew up watching him - I can’t believe this is real. RIP Mamba
I just realized we won’t see Kobe’s Hall of Fame acceptance speech :(
I think many of the most recent celeb deaths were sad but not many completely shocked me. A lot of them linked with depression, drugs, suicide and OD which is unfortunate but not entirely unexpected. Helicopter crash at 41 though is just something else entirely... NBA icon, worldwide legend. Not an infallible person, but seemed to be hitting his golden years and trying to spread good. Will be missed and remembered internationally.
I think a few actually shocked me Elijah Cummings was the most recent. Christina Grimmie because of how violent it was. She was murdered at a concert by a deranged fan. Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds because they happened so close to each other.
Christina grimmie is dead? Wow, didnt know that. Didnt follow her really but i did watch the season of the Voice she was in, and she was very talented. I was wondering why i hadnt heard anything come out from her since she definitely had exposure. Guess that's why.
Yeah. She was killed in 2016 like two days before the Pulse Shooting.
Day before :(
It feels like the shock I felt when Princess Diana died. Obviously I didn’t personally know these people, but they are just such household names.
It was 5am here in Southeast Asia when the news broke out. I woke up at 6am and the first thing hear from my wife is "babe, Kobe died" I thought she was just making fun of him because LeBron passed his scoring record, in which he "died". But it was real, Kobe's gone. I wasn't sad for the first couple of hours, I was SHOCKED. Like, it wasn't supposed to happen to him. Like you said, other celebrity deaths were sad, but not shocking. Some of them died because of sickness, sad but kinda expected. Some of them died through suicide, sad but not shocking because there's a lot of news saying their life is messed up or something like that. But Kobe? It's so unexpected. Im sad now, but earlier when I woke up I wasnt sad, I was disoriented and confused because my brain couldn't process the thought that I woke up in a world without Kobe. I felt like I woke up in an alternate universe where Kobe doesn't exist.
Just after LeBron passed him in all time scoring... unreal
Reading a story from last night, LeBron writing Kobe's number on his sneakers before the game, reflecting on how much Kobe meant to him, commenting on how "surreal" it was to be in Philadelphia, the city that Kobe grew up in, wearing a Lakers' jersey, exceeding his idol. This just adds another level to the surreal-ness of it. I feel like these two guys will be tied together in basketball history because of the timing of this.
Yeah, thats crazy that he did it in Philly.
And Kobe's last tweet is @ KingJames and calls him a brother... phucccckkkk
I think they were always going to be tied together because of the Kobe vs LeBron debate. This is unreal though.
Lebron vs Kobe was probably my favorite argument to get into in middle school and high school. This is crazy
I wonder what his response will be. Hes as big a fan as any of us but got to meet and know him personally. Definitely has to be hitting him hard.
I was at the game and everyone was speculating he would be there to see it happen. Crazy.
Jesus Christ the timing. My God this is unbelievable
His last tweet was congratulating LeBron on that
I got pushed ESPNs post about that just now. Crazy.
If I ever get famous I will never get in a small aircraft.
Randy Rhodes and SRV
Aaliyah too
Let's try and keep the comments here civil. You don't have to like Kobe, but celebrating his death, making jokes about it, and wishing death/threatening other people still violates our rules. Users who threaten other people will be banned on sight.
Leaving your house and returning safely is such an underrated blessing.
Damn. I’ll be thinking these words when I leave each morning for work.... going to try to remember to tell everyone including the pup that I love them
Not too long ago he was pictured alongside his daughter at a basketball game and they seemed so close. She also died today. Rest in peace Kobe and Gianna. Okay guys I keep getting some pretty fucked up messages in my inbox. If you have a problem, especially if it was because he was black, please swallow your cowardice and post it here so you can get the ridicule you deserve.
Kobe was once asked by a reporter something along the lines of "Don't you want a son so that he can follow in your footsteps?" and Kobe's response was: "Why do I need a son? I have a daughter to carry on my legacy when I'm gone." Right in the feels..
It was on Jimmy Kimmel: https://twitter.com/RoFlo/status/1221547986364268545?s=01
It's terribly sad. I was at that game with my brother (Dec 29 v. Mavericks) when Kobe and Gianna were courtside. The Lakers IG account posted a picture of him on the floor wearing a bright orange jacket, so we looked for him and sure enough there he was. It was a nice surprise now turned into a somber memory, considering that game was also my Christmas gift to my brother who's been a die-hard fan for over 20 years. Those tickets ended up being the last time we would get to see him (and his daughter) alive. RIP : (
They were on their way to a basketball game where she was playing and he was coaching. This doesn’t feel real at all. Almost like in the movies when you travel to a parallel universe and find out that some huge actor is president and everything is completely reversed. Where good is bad and up is down. I wish all of this was a dream.
12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
You know what gets me... Going down in a helicopter crash must be traumatic as it is. Having your daughter next to you while it's going down, trying to comfort her, hold her, knowing this is the end. Breaks my heart ?
Yeah, man. Knowing you're about to die is one thing, knowing your kid is going with you... I can't even begin to imagine. Just unbelievably sad.
I do wonder how much awareness they actually had. Reports were saying it was super foggy with bad visibility. They may have just started dropped with alarms going off, but had no awareness of how close to the ground they were. Terrifying to think about.
[deleted]
I agree. Slamming at high speed into a fixed object is instantaneous. There was a brief (1-2 seconds) moment where the pilot tried to take evasive action. Not long.
I would hope they didn't have to experience the panic of knowing they were about to crash (and likely die). Awful to think about.
If anyone had that moment of panic, however fleeting, it would’ve been the pilot. Maybe not even them, depending on the circumstances. Most emergencies of the sort, you’re more disoriented than afraid, there’s really not enough time for you to process the reality of it.
I always figure it will feel like one of the near death situations we experience while alive, except ya know, ya die this time. Your brain will be taking in so much information that you can't actually decipher what's going on. My brother died sitting alone in bed so I've thought about what that last moment might feel like a lot. Enough time to maybe think "oh shit" and then it's over.
Sorry for your loss.
I don’t know, man. I had a truck pull out in front of me while going 55 on the highway with all of my children in the car. It was seconds between when I saw the truck and when I knew I couldn’t do anything more to stop it from happening. In the moment I knew we were going to collide, I vividly remember taking inventory; I knew my children were in the back, buckled safely and would probably be okay but that I might not be. The feeling of “oh my god please don’t let this be the end” is like no other feeling in the world but it’s there and it is recognizable and it is vivid. If I had died though, I’d imagine my last moment would have been the floating, dreamlike sort of feeling that came between going out and coming to.
Too right. My dad survived being shot down in a helicopter during a firefight in Vietnam (he was a door-gunner), which I realize is a totally different context, but he had nightmares about it for the rest of his life, which is just to illustrate how terrifying such an experience can be.
I watched the radar, they went up 700 ft extremely fast and then radar was lost. Most likely means alarm went off and pilot tried to climb through ifr but couldn’t top it.
ifr For those who don't know: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instrument_flight_rules
Commercial Pilots are all required to have instrument ratings both for fixed wing and rotary wing operations for carrying passengers for hire over 50 miles, FAA Part 61 Subpart F covers it. If LA Fire wasn't flying because they didn't meet their weather minimums for flying the Pilot here shouldn't have been either.
It's insane that it could even occur in a helicopter like that, the GPS systems would've had all the terrain information for the local area and they should've known how close they were, even without the terrain warnings going off. Even basic GA planes with G430's have terrain maps and terrain warnings when you're below 500ft. Even if they entered IMC, a CFIT shouldn't have occurred.
Flightradar24 data says that the helicopter started gaining altitude very quickly shortly before the crash. https://www.flightradar24.com/data/flights/n72ex#23a8271e So a pilot error perhaps...
Air currents can do terrifying things too
Do we know what happened with the helicopter? How did it crash the way it did? I wonder if those on board knew they were about to die.
Not sure, but here is the final flight: https://www.flightradar24.com/data/aircraft/n72ex#23a8271e and https://flightaware.com/live/flight/N72EX
Will probably be a bit before all of the details come out
What kills me is Kobes wife, both Husband and Daughter gone in an instant, no heads up.
Honestly, it seems like they only noticed the dire circumstances seconds before the crash. Residents report that the helicopter seemed to be trying to go vertical, seconds before the crash. The cockpit recorder shows a sharp vertical movement which must have been scary, but only lasted 1-2 seconds before, in deep fog, they struck the hill.
This is likely. My grandmother survived a helicopter crash and she said they had no idea what was going on until the moment it happened. She didn’t even have time to process the situation until she “was eating dirt, and [her] ass hurt like hell.” And this wasn’t even in fog. Kobe and his daughter probably didn’t even realize anything was wrong until the last second.
This may be the most accurate description....in a fog you have no way to orient yourself. In fog, you can't even find the horizon. And if you're not flat & level when you need to be/ think you are, it's a very short flight ahead. Gonna miss his happiness. He added much to his community and friends.
They never knew they died. Slammed into a hill hidden in the fog.
If it happened like I suspect it did, they probably never saw it coming. I know of a previous helo crash in Southern California where the fog rolled in and they lost sight of a road they were following through the mountain pass. Slammed into the mountain at more or less full speed because they got so disoriented in the fog. I hope, at least for their sakes, that it was sudden and unexpected. Otherwise yeah...the thought of going down in an aircraft and knowing there’s nothing you can do to protect your child with you has to be about the most hopeless and terrible feeling in the world.
That’s so incredibly sad.
I can't imagine how heartbreaking it must be to lose a daughter and husband in the same accident
Worst day of his wife’s life. This is so incredibly sad
According to official sources 9 people were on board??? ?
The daughter kills me. That’s so horrible
It’s a tragedy, I love Kobe and knowing that innocent GiGi has to go as well just breaks my heart
Minus the pilot and kobe who were the other 7? What a tragedy.
His daughter (this thread) and according to MSNBC at least one of her teammates and her parent - but I wouldn’t take that as fact just yet.
According to ESPN, “Orange Coast College baseball coach John Altobelli” was also onboard.
and his wife and one of his kids.
oh my gosh i feel so, so much for the remaining kids. Whole world taken away from you in a day
Life is cruel sometimes. Wow. Imagine being the other kids on board. Probably had this day on their calendar, “helicopter ride in Kobe’s chopper.”
Holy shit....this is just getting worse and worse...
Three of them were John Altobelli (baseball coach), his wife and daughter. When I was on twitter, someone said their cousin, Christina, coached Kobe’s daughter, Gianna, who was on the plane. Christina was on the plane and she’s leaving behind 3 kids and her husband. That’s all I know of so far
It gets worse. The teammate of Gianna, teammate's father, mom AND uncle were on board. News Article
I can’t even imagine how devastated she and their other daughters must be right now. And they just had a new baby only a few months ago! This is so awful.
He legit just had another daughter like 3 months ago too
And just went to LeBron yesterday Can't imagine how him and Shaq feel rn
Craziest thing is Shaq’s daughter Mearah is just six minutes younger than Kobe’s daughter GiGi, who perished along with Kobe in the accident. Source: http://www.contactmusic.com/shaquille-o-neal/news/shaq-is-a-dad-six-minutes-after-kobe_02_05_2006 It must hit even closer to home for him... Edited for clarity
Here is Shaqs response “There’s no words to express the pain Im going through with this tragedy of loosing my neice Gigi & my brother @kobebryant I love u and u will be missed. My condolences goes out to the Bryant family and the families of the other passengers on board. IM SICK RIGHT NOW”
The fact that I can't even imagine Shaq being anything other than a bright and vibrant person makes his response sting even more.
When his sister died a month or two ago you could see a less vibrant happy Shaq
I agree completely. Whatever their history was they were a major impact on each other. And to just have lost that is really powerful. I was shocked about it all but when I saw what Shaq wrote it hit a lot harder.
My sister met Shaq in a store, and he payed for all of her things. He really is a nice guy, and that just makes it feel so bad
I don't think my heart could bear seeing Shaquille O'Neal cry.
Link to the tweet. The pictures deserve to be seen. Look at the pictures and videos in the comments as well, truly heartbreaking.
I've got a feeling Shaq's gonna hug his daughter real tight tonight. This is such a shitty thing to happen. Kobe was just starting to enjoy settling down.
Dude was only 41... You would think someone who has accomplished as much as he has would be way older. He was just starting his real life I feel like
As Obama put it in his tribute, he was in Act 2. It felt like his life was just beginning...enjoying his family, watching his daughters grow and trying to give back to the sport that made him who he was. A life cut short, but what a life. It’s the epitome of that silly quote thrown around on social media, of how it matters how much life you put in the time you have. But still, way too young. Imagine what he’d do if he lived for that much longer. And then, imagine what life will be for his daughters who will likely live past his age having spent year after year without a dad. A real tragedy all around.
called kobe daughter niece in his post :(
It's gut-wrenching even thinking about it.
A friend of mine lost here ENTIRE family in a charter jet when she was 20. Three sisters, and both parent. Incredibly sad. She's one of the sweetest people I know.
How is she doing now? I just can’t even wrap my brain around that magnitude of loss; of heartbreak.
Yeah seriously. I don't even feel anything trying to imagine my whole family dying, seems so impossible...
Similar thing happened in my town when I was a kid. A lady lost her husband and three kids. They all drowned in some kind of bad weather boating incident.
A mate of mine lost his parents and only brother to a drunk driver when he was 15, we were waiting after sports practice and my father had a policy of never leaving anyones child alone at school. The police arrived after about 30 mins and told him. He came home with us that night and moved to the north of England to an aunt the next day. I never saw him again and it was long before the internet so I can only imagine how awful it must be to lose a couple of family, let alone all of them!
So sad. A family near me had their car crashed into on Christmas by someone who went into their oncoming lane. One adult daughter and the parents died instantly, as did the other driver at fault. The other daughter was in hospital for days as they tried to save her. She finally passed, and I felt relief for her. I couldn't have survived that. Imagine waking up to the news your entire family died.
A local story to me is a housefire caused by Christmas tree lights...the father was badly burned trying to rescue one daughter but couldn't manage it...he was aware his wife was getting the other daughter...only he was dragged out/made it out. He has since gone on to marry again and has a daughter, after recovering from his severe burns. I'm glad he has found some happiness, because I would have just wanted to die. Another case I followed was another Christmas one. A family had their car crashed into by someone who went into their oncoming lane. One adult daughter and the parents died instantly, as did the other driver at fault. The other daughter was in hospital for days as they tried to save her. She finally passed, and I felt relief for her. I couldn't have survived that. Imagine waking up to the news your entire family died. And that scenario is exactly a few of the survivors of the New Zealand volcano eruption faced. One mother stayed on the boat while her whole family went and were killed. One 20 or so year old young man woke up from a coma with significant burns to be told his parents died, and so did his sister, but her body could not be located. He had to skype into the funeral. It's so tragic.
Check out Stephen Colbert’s recent (6 months ago?) interview with Anderson Cooper. Cooper and Colbert both lost their dads when they were kids, Colbert lost his in a plane crash along with two of his brothers. The interview is incredibly moving and Colbert is really open about how it completely reoriented his life. Edit: here
I really enjoyed watching that. Stephen has some really beautiful things to say around 13 minutes. I liked how because both of them are professional conversationalists they were really patient and had good timing for when to add in their piece.
She took over her father's family business and he had a great life insurance policy so she's good financially. It's hard to tell though, she probably has good and bad days. Losing my father and older brother, I can only relate partially, but damn some if our conversations have been some of the deepest most genuine conversations I've ever had She posts a lot of throwback photos of her late family members on Facebook and people give her loads of support. She still celebrates their birthdays too. I think she's doing as well as anyone could in her position. Her family woupd certainly want her to find closure and move on (not that you fully can with something like this). She's tough as nails though. I look up to her like the older sister I never had. Makes me tear up a little writing this. Love yourselves. Love others. Let others love you.
Look after her
Jesus, imagine having to go through holiday’s and be reminded of something that tragic, every single year. I hope they’re in a good position
What do you even do at that point tbh. I think I’d just become an alcoholic for a few uears
I think Stephen Colbert went through something similar.
Father and 2 brothers, not entire family. But still.
A girl I was good friends with died in a heli crash last July coming back from the Bahamas along with her father, a few of her friends, and the pilot. Her parents were divorced so I’m not sure how the mom is taking it (although I assume badly) but I saw her uncle a month or two after it happened and he was still a wreck.
I lost an 18 year old son suddenly. I drank pretty hard for about 7 years. I got better. Thank god for alcohol and trees.
She drinks often but really no more than the next person. I think she really took to her frienda. I've lost some family members unnaturally early myself, hence why I feel so much for her losses. That's the only way man. Love those around you and surround yourself with those who love you. It's really hard sometimes. Meditation also seems to help.
The local community just had a 4 person family involved in a car crash. All but the mother died. I can't imagine wanting to live anymore anyway...
This legitimately makes me want to quit my job and go do something I actually care about. Life is fleeting for all of us.
I can’t imagine how many people are feeling this way too. I can feel pain far across the globe
[deleted]
This basically happened in my backyard. As a pilot myself, visibility was incredibly low and it looks like they flew into a mountain under IFR. Edit: listened to the ATC recording and after reading more about the flight, this pilot was trying to fly VFR under really low ceiling in a low mountainous region. The clip I listened to was a transition from Burbank class C airspace to Van Nuys class D (my home airport). Van Nuys cleared the pilot to follow the 101 freeway, which is just south of the field, towards Camarillo. Presumably, the pilot was too low to receive traffic alerts and instruction from the SoCal radar center and that was the last he was heard of. Convinced this pilot tried to squeeze between the mountain and the low cloud layer. The helicopter they were in is multi engine and has an incredibly low mechanical failure rate. I’m not going to blame the pilot without details but most aviation accidents are due to pilot error and the way this is developing is making me think that’s the case here. Edit 2: according to reports, even LAPD helicopters were grounded due to weather this morning and they usually rotate 4 airships at all times.
Is IFR instrumentation in helis much different then planes? I swear I've heard numerous instances of helicopters just straight up flying into shit under IFR conditions.
Both are pretty dangerous. I just don’t get why they didn’t have a GPS with terrain avoidance.
I don’t get how that wouldn’t be mandatory, at least for carrying passengers.
It's usually on most helicopters, it was on the shitty Blackhawks I crewed in the military and I cant imagine it wasnt on a passenger heli. It's just speculation but it could be a number of factors working together, one of which is pilot ineptitude/error.
Most controlled flight into terrain 'accidents' are pilot error. Unless they find something wrong with the helicopter, this will likely be pilot error. Can't wait for the press to figure out who the pilot was and how much experience they had with the S-76.
Not trying to rock the boat against a rotor head. I fly fixed wings, but my brother is a 5k+ hour helo Pilot and he didn’t get his IFR till around 4,000 hours. I wouldn’t say it’s super common for non Mil. Meanwhile I started training for mine at 90 hours in a fixed wing.
r/flying has a link to the audio - it looks like it was special VFR - so a limited visual flight rules due to weather with requested flight following from ATC (meaning a controller would guide them along their route), but got too low and cut off from the controllers. Obviously hard to say exactly what happened, but its possible the pilot was just too low and hit the terrain he couldn't see due to clouds/fog.
My husband has his IFR rating but will still not fly in IFR conditions. Not worth it! He flies to work and for fun, and when it doubt, he drives.
Same. It’s good if you need it but I’d never intentionally fly ifr.
he commutes in a helicopter? what does he do
Helicopter pilot.
[deleted]
Yeah it's wild because the last new article I had read was Kobe congratulating Lebron for breaking his record. Now this.. Incredibly sad.
His poor wife, and kids, losing not only their dad/husband, but sister/daughter as well. How do you even break that news to the other kids? My heart goes out to his family. E: a word
I hope the media is easy on the family and does not bombard them for comments or pictures. My mother, who lost my brother just texted me this: “I literally am crying thinking about it, as I do every single time I hear a parent has lost a child. It is the most excruciating pain! Your whole heart and soul burning in pain. And to do it so publicly. I wanted to keep our loss private as long as I could, and I couldn't, so for this mom....” It is important for everyone to remember these are people just like us. I know some people have that mindset of “well they chose fame....” Never in their lives could they have imagined this would happen.
do you think the other passengers were her teammates?
Reports are another teammate and her father
TMZ reporting Kobe's 13 year old daughter also killed in crash. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
He was always posting and bragging about his daughters. This makes it so much more heartbreaking for some reason. His poor wife
He probably was taking her to do something fun
They were on the way to her basketball practice :(
They were going to her basketball game
God, his poor wife. And with a newborn at home too.
And the other daughters.
https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ Updated article for those who want to read it.
TMZ reported this before the LA authorities could tell his family wtf https://twitter.com/ScottFeinberg/status/1221563310262247427
Jesus. Those poor people. Helicopters have always terrified me and this certainly adds to that fear.
He famously would regularly take a helicopter to home games in his playing days.
You never know what has your name on it
Same man. They mechanically creep me out
My grandpa was a pilot in ww2 and he was always terrified of helicopters. His logic being a plane can still fly and be landed without power but a helicopter would just fall. From what I’ve heard he wasn’t completely right about that but I get the idea
A low altitude hover is the most dangerous period for helicopter because there isn't time to attain auto-rotation before impact with the ground. Otherwise, yes a helicopter can essentially glide, the air rushing through the blades causes them to spin and create lift. An auto-gyro flies using this phenomenon.
The only helicopter flight I’ve been on was relatively smooth... Of course, it was a medevac chopper rescuing me from a plane wreck...
This is heartbreaking.
That poor women! Not only being in a post partum period and losing not only your husband but your oldest born. Ughhh I hurt for her. Edit: her second oldest. Which tears me up just a tad more because I am close with my sister who is about the same years apart. Then we have a much younger sibling. It was just us for a while. Heart goes out to the whole family and the friends.
Second oldest
Oh jesus christ
[deleted]
That's a big deal. At his level, he didn't have to do any of that.
Most people at that level wouldn't have done any of that, if not expected their security to remove the kid.
Most people at all wouldn’t have done a thing. Shows great character regardless of his status. RIP Kobe
That’s a hell of a good story. RIP
I was on the verge of tears when Kobe turned to the stadium security guy and told him I was his guest. He then told his bodyguard to leave me alone and said he'd sign anything I had. And here come the tears again
These are the kinds of stories you never hear. Everyone only hears what they want to hear, and they listen to whatever satisfies their agenda. Sometimes good, sometimes bad, but the bad is always louder than the good, and it sucks.
What a great story. Thank you for sharing that.
wow amazing story
That’s really cool. Do you still have the pennant?
LA authorities confirming that it's accurate. He perished along with four other passengers. https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486 EDIT: As noted elsewhere, his 13-year old daughter, Gianna, also died in the wreck. His wife Vanessa and former Laker Rick Fox were not aboard at the time of the crash. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ EDIT #2: Worse news. It's being reported that the death toll is up to nine - eight passengers and the pilot.
Wish his wife and daughters the best. That's gotta be real tough. Edit: Just got wind of the update.. that hurts.
Only 41 years old. Incredibly sad.
Retired just a few years ago. Congratulated LeBron on passing him on the scoring list last night. He had young kids he was excited to spend time with, including coaching his daughter's basketball team. I can't believe it.
And the youngest is a 6-month old. All the money in the world can’t buy you luck ?
My aunt was at Stevie Ray Vaughn's last concert, where his helicopter crashed leaving from. Pretty similar situations, seeing as he was at the game last night
And Stevie had just cleaned up his act and had been sober for a while I think.
All the money in the world can't buy your dad back too. So sad for his family.
He packed so much into 41 years. LEGEND.
It's so sad. At 41 it was like his life just begun and he could wind down and hang out with the family. Totally fucked.
honestly he probably lived more in those few years than most of us live in 100
I know you mean all respect but it's still saddening he wouldn't get time to unwind his life with his family
He had become so relaxed in his post-playing days. You could tell. The chip was off his shoulder and he was enjoying family time plus success in business. What a fucking shame this is.
My heart hurts for their newborn daughter who will grow up without ever really knowing her father. I know it happens every where in the world, and every day. But it's still as saddening.
ABC stated that his daughters were with him in the helicopter. Not sure if that's true or confirmed from other sources. Sources have confirmed this isn't the case Gianna was on board according to TMZ Woj also confirming that Gianna was on board. They were on their way to game together. Watching the Spurs/Raptors game, both teams ran out the 24 second shot clock on first possession in honor of Kobe. View from the stands. View from the broadcast.
TMZ reports his 13 year old daughter was on board.
Sad to say I trust TMZ's reporting more than the major networks in situations like this - I do hope they are wrong this time though.
TMZ actually has great fact checking. It’s just the type of content they fact check is often unsavory.
This. Their fact checking is excellent. I once reported that a celebrity's house burned down near me and they contacted me for all sorts of proof and documentation. It never even made it into their news reel (the celeb was basically D-list by then), but I was impressed by how thorough they were for a story that wasn't even interesting enough to publish.
Absolutely shocked.
[deleted]
I can't believe this is true, I had to check like 4 other places to confirm. This is fucking terrible
I did the same. It’s so surreal like it’s some bad joke people are playing on the public. One of the greatest of all time in the game, at age of 41, dies in a helicopter crash. I can’t believe it.
[deleted]
Stevie Ray Vaughan - one of the best (and in my opinion "THE best") guitarists of all time - also died in helicopter crash, aged 35.
The past few years have made me scared to ever ride in a helicopter. First the owner of Leicester City, and now Kobe? These things seem like bad business.
And Colin McCrae, one of the greatest WRC rally drivers of all time :(
And the great Stevie Ray Vaughn
And Davey Allison, one of the brightest stars of NASCAR in the early ninetees.
In my country (India), it's a running joke (albeit dark) that politicians shouldn't get into helicopters.
Video of the scene Some pictures
Imagery is SFW for those curious but don't want to click. Both are showing smoke in the distance and incident response. No close ups of the wreckage and honestly I don't want to see any right now.
Honestly that was really thoughtful of you to mention that, thanks.
So they said it was foggy. Did they just fly too low and run into the mountain? So sad.
TMZ confirmed it as well but looks like it crashed their site https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ Edit: I used the amp link bc tmz was down, but as tmz is back up this is the most recent post, which also says his daughter passed as well but I’ve heard conflicting reports on that. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
During the live press conference, the sheriff said that they believe there were 9 people on board, a pilot and 8 passengers. He also called out TMZ for being wildly inappropriate and said “imagine finding out a loved one has died through social media”, he has requested that people stop speculating who was on board and to keep their loved ones in mind. Edit: I watched the rest, this time the man that spoke before the sheriff came back (man with a grey streak in his hair, dark green shirt and dark skin): they don’t know anything for sure yet. They received the report 9:47 AM, arrived 8 minutes later and due to magnesium, the fire took one hour to extinguish. The coroner is on site with a team and they’re working hard to get answers. They don’t know what happened, they don’t know where the helicopter took off, they don’t know for sure where it was going (these three questions kept being asked). It will take some time to identify everyone and to notify the next of kin, he once again stressed for people to stop speculating and to keep loved ones on mind. The area that they are investigating is “about an acre”, that’s also where they expect most debris to be at and where bushes were on fire. Honestly, it was him constantly repeating that they don’t know what happened yet since the press kept asking the same questions. They also kept pestering him about “taking an hour to extinguish” - but again, that’s because of the magnesium. After that they called for a spokesperson that can speak Spanish and I turned it off. Good news article here that has a better summary of the conference and updates.
That comment bothered me the most. I really hope his family did not find out that he died because TMZ posted it. I am also worried that there is possibly some other family members or other people of note that died on the crash. This seems so surreal to me for some reason.
I found out my sister died through a Facebook post. It's really jarring and surreal, it takes your brain a moment to connect. I unfriended my sister's cousin, the one who made the post the moment she found out. It's a terrible way to get news like that
My mom does an excellent job any time somebody close passes. She addresses anyone that she thinks is active enough on Facebook to refrain from posting such news until she knows everyone that needs to learn the news has been informed. edit: My dad nowadays has been good at doing the same. He isn't present on any social media, so he had to learn what it was my mom was actually trying to accomplish each time. But he's consistent with doing the same thing now. I think his main goal is to help take that responsibility off of my mom's shoulders so that she can focus on what's important and to be able to mourn and be with anyone affected.
Sorry you had to find out that way. I found out my mom died from the news and Facebook. So, I know its incredibly devastating, and heartbreaking to endure.
My grandfather died recently and he was quiet prominent in the community. It was immediately on Facebook. My cousin was on the first leg of two flights home. We had to watch for his plane to land and call him before he saw it. I hate that he had to experience that in a crowded airport.
[deleted]
Crazy, I was just reading how LeBron honored him last night with “Mamba 4 Life” written on his shoes. So eerie. https://clutchpoints.com/lakers-news-lebron-james-honors-kobe-bryant-through-his-shoes-vs-sixers
Kobe’s last social media posts were also congratulating LeBron.
tells you the type of person he was...my heart...rest in peace
yeah he did that because he just passed Kobe on the All-time NBA scoring list for #3
I was actually thrown off when the report hit my phone because of this. Media had been interviewing him a lot on his thoughts on Lebron so I thought it was more of that. When my brain registered the full headline I was totally shook up.
It’s so surreal scrolling through my Instagram because there’s a lot of Kobe stuff because I follow a lot of NBA profiles, but they aren’t in chronological order so I’m seeing the tragedy mixed with the “passing the torch” type stuff from last night. I can’t believe this. Heartbreaking.
that is unbelievable
Kobe's daughter GiGi (Gianna, 13) also confirmed on board the helicopter and deceased.
Beautiful picture.
It really is. I almost didn't click. This is a picture that will / should be used over and over in honor of their memory over the years to follow.
I’ll always remember him as an under aged teenager that came to my bar in a nightclub in LA not long after signing with the Lakers. I remember being nervous that he would order a drink and I’d have to be in the uncomfortable position of carding him, knowing he was under 21. At the time we had some other out of control under aged celebs that created drama (Leo DeCaprio I’m talking to you) When Kobe got to the bar, he ordered an Evian. My wife tried finding my autographed jersey but could only find this
More stories pls
My assistant had a framed picture of he and Kobe looking like best friends. He worked as an usher at Staples. One day he asked if he could get a pic and Kobe took it to the extreme and spent a while hanging out and mugging for pics with him. By all accounts I know he was incredibly generous and patient for his fans.
What about the DiCaprio story?
He would be in the VIP lounge where there was bottle service and be standing on the tables drunk and screaming. I hated his guts for years for being such a spoiled douche (I think Wolf of Wall Street was very much something he drew from personal experience). I’ve since softened as I wonder how fame and fortune for someone so young would effect anyone. And his body of work is quite astounding.
I like you as a person.
Had a friend meet him at some industry party, and he was SUPER rude to my friend. Because he was quite drunk. I'm seeing a pattern.
Thx man.
Of course he did. He had to be at the gym at 4am to practice shooting.
Exactly. My impression at the time was that he wasn’t the type to pollute his system with alcohol.
Interesting. My sister was his Spanish class partner at Lower Merion. She always said how nice he was. He signed a piece of loose leaf paper (at her request) after he declared for the draft. Watching his growth from his time at Lower Merion to today was mind blowing. Despite a lotta hate (I’m looking at you r/nba) and the fact that he came back and destroyed the sixers in the finals...I’ve always been a staunch supporter of him and his work ethic...simply because my sister attested to his kindness. But I like to think she’s a great judge of character. After all...she hates me.
Not the news I was expecting this morning. RIP to one of the greatest to play.
I don't watch basketball and I still know him. And yelled "Kobe" when throwing stuff. Quite a shock.
Lebron just beat Kobe’s scoring record last night. Freaky timing.
His last post was of him and LeBron ?
His last tweet. Makes it so much more surreal that he's suddenly just gone.
Some of those replies are absolutely shameful. What a toxic place twitter has become.
About to say the same thing. People are laughing and posting memes about being burned alive. Fuck twitter and their disgusting users.
The hilarious thing is how twitter claims to be tough on hate speech and bullying yet idiots like these fucks get away with it with no repercussions.
I believe recently I saw some news articles that said “twitter doesn’t like____” and it confuses me because never have I gone to twitter for sound reviews of anything.
God damn you're not wrong. Does twitter moderate anything on their site? There are so many blatant racist posts and fucked up shit on his last post that are upvoted to the top and you'd think someone would be trying to remove them.
I was surprised by that too. I’m used to that sort of thing from anonymous YouTube comments but not a fucking social media site.
I just read that too. Super sad. RIP one of the GOAT.
My husband actually didn't believe he died for a minute because he saw the headline and thought it was a joke about that.
I heard it on local radio and thought it was a sick joke about the scoring record at first. Hard to believe
First thing I thought... what are the odds?
He broke a curse that was keeping Kobe alive
[removed]
Why are you guys making me laugh now ffs!
Because jokes help us cope with loss.
I have this weird thing where when I hear about plane crashes, I imagine what the final seconds of those peoples’ lives are like - what they’re thinking, saying, what their faces look like. It just makes me that much more sad but it always happens.
[deleted]
I do this too and it usually gives me crazy anxiety and I feel sick to my stomach. Just goes to show myself that no matter how privileged and extravagant his life probably was, death in that manner in the last seconds/minutes doesn’t care about how much money you have or how much the world adores you — we all would die the same way with the same fear running through us as he did.
Michael Schumacher is also a good example. 7 times F1 world champion, hit his head against a rock while skiing at 10mph and best doctors in the world still can't save him anymore after several years of trying.
I've been having a really anxious day ever since I found out about Kobe's and his daughter's passing too. I always get really bad anxiety when I hear news like this. My heart aches and I just wish no one had to ever go through such a horrible thing. I'm so sad this happened, I hope their souls meet and they peacefully return to the cosmos, they will forever be missed.
Death has no patience and no pity for anything
I was on a commercial flight years ago that lost power and cabin pressure at 30,000 feet. We plummeted 20,000 feet before they got power back up, and then spent another 15 minutes at 10,000 feet with the most insane turbulence I’ve ever felt trying to make it to another airport for an emergency landing. During that time when everything was dark and we were just falling, I was filled with intense fear and so many other emotions. Outside of the extreme fear and anxiety I was feeling, the only other thing going through my head was how can I say goodbye to my family. I was frantically trying to turn my phone on in hopes of writing a goodbye letter in my notepad and text messages in hopes that they would at least find it in the wreckage if we crashed. It’s been over ten years now since it happened and I still get extreme anxiety anytime I’m flying and we start to descend in altitude. The first few years flying after that I needed to take large amounts of Xanax to even get on a plane. Every time I read about a crash like this it brings back so much anxiety.
Oh man. I can relate. Had a similar bad flight 12 years ago — still have to be heavily medicated to fly and still freak the hell out at take off even though ours was mid flight and not take off. I’m eerily calm when we’re landing though because I know it’s almost over.
Feel like I’ve found my family here. Never worried about flying til on a flight where an engine caught fire and I thought I was gonna die. Didn’t feel fear, only intense sadness at the thought of never seeing my loved ones again. Such a surreal feeling. Now flying terrifies me.
I met a man with a similar experience, he said the first thing he did when he got off the plane was fall to his knees and kiss the ground
I don't think planes plummet because they lose power, they can still glide and descend slowly. It's most likely they dropped 20,000 feet for oxygen reasons.
An amazing tweet from Kevaney Martin I’ll never forget the look on Kobe’s face when I referred to him as Gigi’s Dad during this interview. His face lit up and that trademark Kobe smile stretched across his face. His greatest accomplishment was being a Dad. (Photo included of their interview with the biggest smile on Kobe) https://mobile.twitter.com/KevaneyMartin/status/1221532618308538368
This one hit me harder than anything else I’ve seen... so fucking sad, he was so proud of his kids and being a dad
That really hurts.
Kobe was always supposed to be one of those guys that had a hand in the NBA till he’s 80 like Bill Russel. This is so upsetting. RIP
He was supposed to be invincible...
This hits so hard - my daughter and parents are talking to me about it like we just lost a brother. For crying aloud man, this is too sad.
Nobody’s invincible, not even legends like Kobe. That’s why we have to live our lives to the fullest
He's only the 3rd NBA MVP ever to die.
I was saying that exact same thing to my friend earlier. I always saw him as the next great old sage of the NBA like Bill Russell as he got older because of how well spoken he is and how players just revered him. This is so sad.
Another player and parent on the plane with Kobe and Gianna. God rest their souls and let’s all show an outpouring of support for those families who lost loved ones today. Don’t forget about Kobe & Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation. Today would be a great day to show them our love and graciousness.
Kobe is sooo legendary that it feels like he was never supposed to die let alone go this early....RIP Mamba
He’s a legend in every sense, all the stories of his work ethic, his determination, he was just different I’m upset man
[deleted]
And yesterday he was happy for LeBron just to die today This can not be real, Fuck everything
That's the eerie thing about the social media age. Just 18 hours ago he was alive and tweeting about how happy he is for another player. And now... Poof, never again.
I feel like in 60 years I should still be hearing him talk about basketball
This is legit crazy, I can’t believe it
So it's official, fuck. Celebrity deaths are always random but this one hits different man, just wtf.
He seemed really happy in retirement too doing so many different things. Shocking news.
coaching his kids in basketball, doing those animations. wtf... i want a do-over to 2020 already
man. i feel sorrow for his girls. Man.
[deleted]
He had so much left to give this world. Sound overdramatic but he really did
Bro watch the episode of all the smoke that he was on. You can tell how much he loves talking about his career and the competition as well as his kids and being a parent. It sounds like a corny way to talk about someone after they died but I just watched that episode last night and it was the first time I really was able to see him talk at length about his career and life in general. He was an incredibly smart guy.
Kobe was always cut from a different cloth than most professional athletes. You can tell by the way he talks, the way he respects the game, and the pure approach he gives to the game, that he's just on another level. He inspired so many current athletes, and has personally meant a lot to me growing up as a young basketball fan. This is incredibly devastating, but Kobe Bryant can finally rest now knowing he maximized his time on this earth, and should have no regrets.
Is it because Kobe seemed invulnerable? Because that’s what hits me the most.. RIP
Yeah dude I just keep telling myself ITS FUCKING KOBE. Like this wasn’t supposed to happen to him
He seems too stubborn to go like this I kind of thought he'd be like 70 years old and still getting up at 4 in the morning to practice hundreds of shots
This made me emotional man, got a tear in my eye
Exactly, it almost seems out of character that he died so early. Just like you described, I envisioned him living to old age and still schooling people like Uncle Drew. Damn, Dear basketball is gonna make me have so many feels when I rewatch it. R.I.P.
Ya man like im kept thinking to myself - its kobe he’ll shake it off - or something like that. Shit is crazy
Fr dude, I'm still expecting him to hop out the chopper and shoot his free throws
Think dying of old age would have been fine but this definitely hits. I generally don’t care about celebs like that but Kobe was Kobe.
Yea Kobe feels closer to like losing family.
Mostly because he was only 41 as well. No one expects anyone to die that early...
I think that, and Kobe Bryant is one of the biggest icons of a generation. He was a massive global star, regardless of if you were a fan
I guess it's just so sudden. Dude's been a million helicopter rides, suddenly it goes horribly wrong when you wouldn't even think twice about it
especially in LA, where many of the super celeb will use helicopters to get around to save time.
Dying in a helicopter crash is one of the worst ways to go, can't imagine how scary his last moments must have been.
It reportedly caught fire and spiraled out before it crashed. That’s absolutely horrifying. No one deserves to be put through something like that
Just thinking about how he must’ve felt in those final moments is a horrible feeling
Probably thinking about his daughters. Fuck dude I really don’t want to think about that......
I don't know why, but I'm super upset thinking about how his newborn will never get to know him...
Because that’s fucking heartbreaking. You know all he was thinking was how he wants to be home holding his kids...
I was holding on and this comment broke me. Fuck
I got a daughter who’s a toddler. All I would think about is how she deserves to have her daddy to be there to hold her hand as she grows up Fuck man. I got tears. Idgaf. Kobe didn’t deserve this. Neither did his kids. Fuck
Kobe was such a proud and bad ass motherfucker. I like to imagine he fought with all of his might to survive and I don’t picture it any other way ?
bad ass motherfucker. I thought my man would live forever
I really hope he died without realizing the helicopter was crashing, even though it’s really unlikely
Apparently it caught and fire and just went down. It’s terrifying to even think about it.
Yea, as army infantry I have rode blackhawks and chinooks 30+ times. I can’t imagine the feeling of being in one and feeling it going down. It would be pure terror.
I went on a helicopter ride in Hawaii like 2 months ago. It’s legit terrifying, everything is shaking. They had to come back and drop me off cause I couldn’t breathe. And then a month later another helicopter crashed on a tour there.
That happened on the island where I live. Still terrifies me. Family of 4 on vacation had to split into 2 helicopters, one parent and one kid didn't come home.
Yeah I just said I felt he would be around forever...I dont know how it can be the nba without kobe
I mean, he’s like a year older than me. There are celebrity deaths that are sad but not surprising, because they lived a long and full life. Kobe was my age. That’s fucking crazy.
The amount of people in this subreddit who got into NBA because of him... Fucking gutted.
Count me among them. I wouldn’t be a basketball fan if not for Kobe.
For me and a lot of people my age Kobe was basketball. I was too young for Jordan in his prime but Kobe was the man. I remember being in school at people shouting Kobe whenever we tried to throw balls of paper in the bin. I can't believe that he's gone. I think this might be the first celebrity death to ever make me feel so shaken. RIP Mamba.
Out of all the celebrity deaths I've seen, this one hits the hardest
So young, and he was just congratulating lebron yesterday.
This one hurts, Kobe was most of our childhoods
So much basketball history and greatness in only 41 years. Not only losing a terrific player but a fantastic basketball mind all around. It was so awesome seeing all the workouts and goals he set for players in the league. Basketball will not be the same without Kobe.
Fuck man, this is the 1st celebrity death that has me in tears, dude got me into the sport growing up, and he died way too early. Rest easy GOAT.
I cannot believe this is actually real. 41 is young
Vince is still in the NBA at 43. KOBE is no longer with us. Life is precious.
Today is Vince Carter’s birthday of all things
Im 35, and I have a feeling like my life just literally started. Only now have I become fully independent, with my own income that im' satisfied with, and that I can finally do the stuff I dreamed about as a kid. Hyped as hell for the days to come. Cant imagine what a guy like Kobe had in mind & could achieve with his name and personality, not for the sake of fame, but for the sake of his own life fulfillment. So fuckin awful that he died. It was honor to watch you Black Mamba, from the first time you entered the game that I saw live on serbian 3K channel back in 1996, the times you took down our Peja and Vlade in 2002, and all the way up to this moment when you were a living legend of the Basketball sport. Get ready for your next game, up in heavens, my Hero.
May we all forever shout his name as we throw away a crumpled up piece of paper until the end of time.
Always.
As many times as it takes to make the shot. RIP.
I stand with my fellow bricklayers, Kobe will always live on in my pathetic attempts to prevent walking to the trash can.
It's always been and will always be "Kobe!" RIP mamba
Now when people yell KOBE they will be calling upon his spirit to guide their shot. RIP this is so sad :(
what the fuck. this is one of the most insane, out of left field headlines i’ve ever seen. RIP to an absolute legend
I've never felt this way about a celebrity death before. God damn
Felt the same thing about Roy Halladay. Just sick
First thing that came to mind for me too Roy was around the same age as Kobe too. Absolutely fucking heartbreaking
also a private aviation related accident
right about to get into the Hall
Its so weird that the death of a person I never met can affect my mood so much :/ This is just soooo depressing.
Saddest I’ve ever been about a celebrity death. Gone too soon
Man..I grew up watching the rivalry of Bron and Kobe. I flew 20 hours in coach from Sydney Australia to Cleveland to watch Kobe’s last game against Bron there. I literally don’t know what to do I’m so shook. Bron just took him over for third, look at Kobe’s last Instagram post. I just don’t know right now...
Literally just congratulated Lebron on passing his scoring record several hours ago...now he’ll never post anything. We will never see him again. The thought is depressing.
Feels very doc halladay esque, just in terms of suddenness and that pit in your stomach type of thing
This is the same gut punch I felt when I heard that Halladay had died. RIP.
Micheal Jackson, Robin Williams, and now Kobe are the three that hit me the hardest
This just does not feel real. This is a John Lennon, Princess Di type moment wtf man RIP Kobe man fuck
I mean if there was a Beatles of the NBA,Kobe would be there
Yeah this feels very weird. I'm never really the guy to get too upset about a celebrity's death tbh, but this feels very different for me.
Same bro. Kobe is a fucking childhood hero. Feels like a part of my childhood just died. Brings me back to playing 2k10 and stuff. Oh man
The man just had another kid also
That's the worst man. We can talk about how much it sucks for the game of basketball, but that's just ancillary. Those young kids are gonna grow up without a father. Tragic
So awful for all of them but I especially feel for Gigi. Getting into adolescence, her dad is retired and finally gets to spend all the time in the world at her games and helping her learn basketball. There’s never a good timing but just seems like the worst timing for her
TMZ's just said Gigi was on board with him. They were on their way to basketball practice. Goddamn.
Man what the fuck I thought they confirmed the kids were fine
TMZ just reported that she was on board with him. God fucking dammit man.
Hate to say this but GiGi was also on the helicopter..
I checked this sub to see if anyone got traded and saw the original post on new when it was like 20 seconds old. I kinda just froze.
Bro I got a tmz alert and it was the only thing saying Kobe died for like 10 minutes. Then all the reports came flooding in...
I was in the car with my dad and he got a notification and just said out loud “bullshit” so surreal
I literally saw a post and I thought RIP Kobe was a basketball jab at his record and not an actual RIP. Damnnn
How the fuck is this real.. Like I can’t believe this shit man. Fucking Kobe..
Fuck helicopters I’m so sad right now
Straight up fuck helicopters forever
I cant believe it. At a complete loss for words.
I can’t believe someone is going to have to give a posthumous acceptance speech in honor of Kobe at the Hall of fame this fall
My vote is for Pau
It should be Pau. Kobe was supposed to be tthe one to induct Pau into the hall of fame but I guess it’ll have to be Pau now inducting Kobe
Fuck. This breaks my heart and it's already been broken a thousand times today.
Holy fuck I forgot about pau. Dude must be destroyed smh
Yo thats going to be a water works speech for everyone
I feel physically sick. Man was just going to enjoy an incredible retirement after working his ass off his whole life being one of the greatest athletes of all time and then this happens.
Forty fucking one years old. He had everything in front of him
I was honestly so excited of what he would've done in his retirement, he was so naturally competitive and had a work ethic second to none I truly believed he could do anything. I'm crushed.
Exactly my thought process, he was about to crush the next 40 or so years with unlimited wealth and fame. Just bask in the rewards his gifts and hard work brought him
It's so sad man. I'm sure he has so much stuff that he wants to do with his life now that he's done with basketball, but he won't be able to anymore :(
Watching Kobe become the kind of elder statesman who gave props to the upcoming generation — I was legit looking forward to that side of him. DAMN. EDIT: Two other things I do want to note: I was really looking forward to see what the dude was gonna cook up business-wise. He had money, he had ambition, and he had smarts. I mean, he won an Oscar! Dude was definitely Top 5 most influential NBA players. You can argue all day about his position in the pantheon of NBA greatness, but his influence is undeniable.
He was no nonsense, hard work. We needed his opinions on the kids coming up.
Mamba Mentality forever and always
This so much. Was enjoying it already. Edit: Couldn't agree more with your edit. I was so excited to see what he could do in entertainment. He had a different way of thinking and seeing things and with him winning that Oscar, things were only going to get better. Rip.
The scariest thing for me is realizing that, if Kobe Bryant can die, anyone can die. Superman isn’t supposed to die.
He was just here...
We were all literally talking about him just last night...
That tweet about Lebron. Fuck man
Continuing to move the game forward @KingJames. Much respect my brother ?? #33644 Last tweet he ever wrote
https://www.instagram.com/p/B7xOgFjnuiO/?igshid=1odmr7oihn0s7 Last IG post
Passing the torch... just not in the way that we had hoped :(
Bron has to be hurting on another level, can't imagine what hes going through rn
He said Kobe looked at him as a younger brother, first time they met he was 15.
Like 17 hours ago. Un fucking real. His teammates in the comments "please say something..." ?
16 hours ago. It doesn’t seem real
They showed him and Lebron laughing, cracking jokes together through the years during the game and it made me feel so good. Now it just feels horrible.
For real. Like typically when a celebrity dies it’s out of nowhere and people hadn’t talked about him for a while. This feels so much fucking deeper because he was JUST in the news like, literally YESTERDAY. Holy fucking shit. EDIT HOLY FUCK REST IN PEACE TO HIS DAUGHTER
That's what's so surreal with this era of pervasive social media. People could have a very active social media account and then suddenly it goes silent. It's really chilling.
The dude just congratulated Bron on passing him what the fuck. I saw him trending and thought it was still about that
I'm lost for words, the day after LeBron passes him in points
i believe he wore shoes that tributes him yesterday too
They said "mamba 4 life" on them..
Mamba 4 Life were on them
It’s legit like a fucking movie script what are the cosmic odds
this movie fucking sucks
Life fucking sucks
I don’t mean to sound crass but what a movie it was. 17 years old in the NBA, the championships, the shaq drama, scandal, number/persona change, the dominance to becoming one of the best to ever do it, more championships, the Achilles tear, passing Jordan, coming back to score 60 in his final game, his daughter rising to stardom, watching lebron pass him, and dying in a helicopter crash. It’s an absolutely surreal story and the world is going to mourn the loss of him deeply. It’s a shame it had to end like this so soon.
Lakers are gonna win the finals and LeBron will dedicate it to him...just watch.
Literally whoever wins the Finals will dedicate it to Kobe
please let this be the timeline we are living in holy shit
Yeah but it would probably mean more for LeBron to do it, since he plays for the Lakers and is the greatest current NBA player. Kind of like carrying on Kobes Lakers legacy in a way.
I was rooting against lakers until this news hit. Now this just feels like something that needs to happen
Here's Kobe's Player's Tribune article in case anyone feels like crying today
Couldn’t get past the first sentence without welling up. Saving this read for another day
"Dear Basketball" Mmmmnope not today. Thought I was stronger. Nope.
Fuck man, I shed a tear. Thanks for sharing. Love you Kobe. R.I.P.
"And that’s OK. I’m ready to let you go. I want you to know now So we both can savor every moment we have left together. The good and the bad. We have given each other All that we have. And we both know, no matter what I do next I’ll always be that kid With the rolled up socks Garbage can in the corner :05 seconds on the clock Ball in my hands. 5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1 Love you always, Kobe"
Woj confirmation https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221521133608079368?s=21 E: Fuck bro. RIP. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221537476893925376
This is the most painful woj bomb I’ve ever seen
This is a Woj stab to the heart
Fuck
I honestly don't think I've ever been so caught off guard by a headline. It feels like the whole world is standing still right now.
I literally can’t believe what I’m reading
Not the Woj bomb we wanted
My favorite Kobe memory is actually off-the-court: During the 2011 lockout, he told players that if they hadn't saved money to weather the lockout, he would lend them money so they wouldn't simply cave to the owners. This helped the players' side out. Proof from 2011
This is a great Kobe memory that I didn't even know about. I'm gonna throw in a non basketball story. Kobe reacting to the eagles winning the super bowl Yeah it's not as great or as impactful as helping players but it was just so nice seeing someone as great as Kobe reacting the same way I was to the eagles winning.
Man that vid made me smile. Thanks for sharing it ? RIP man
Shit it made me cry man
Kobe was only four years older than me, but when he came to Cleveland for a game against the Cavs in 2001(ish) some of my friends and I bought tickets to see him and Shaq destroy our home team. The Cavs were bad in 2001 so tickets were cheap and we ended up sneaking down to the lower bowl and sitting 10-15 rows behind the Lakers bench. As expected, the Lakers were beating the Cavs soundly and Kobe came out for a rest in the 4th. The arena was pretty silent by this point and most people had already left, so when the three of us started a “KOOO-BE KOOO-BE KOOO-BE” chant he turned around in his seat and pointed at the three of us and shot us that devilish grin. My buddy yelled “COME TO CLEVELAND!” and he laughed and shook his head no, then gave us another ridiculously smooth grin and turned back around. Maybe 10 seconds of his day at the end of a game that was already over that he probably doesn’t remember, but man it made our night. The Kobe chant is still an inside joke between us some 20 years later. Kobe was great, and I’m not gonna try to rank how great but he was undeniably great. Once-in-a-decade talent, like Oscar and Wilt and Kareem and Magic and Bird and MJ and Bron and KD and Antetek... Giannis. Only the best basketball players make the NBA. Only the best NBA players are decade-long starters. Only the best of those are legends. Kobe was a legend, even before he passed.
At a reasonable, but by no means soft, interest rate. #dominateloans For old times sake. I'm going to miss him.
“You charging me a vig?”
Goshdarnit dude, thanks for making me laugh. I needed that.
Do you believe in god? No, I believe in a reasonable rate of return.
Comrade Kobe
I don't even know how to react to this, it seems crazy that Kobe is just...gone?
It feels like an out of body experience. Like I don't really know what to do with myself right now.
We've never really seen anything like it in sports. He's a global phenom who is only a few years removed from his playing days. This is fucking insane man
This came so out of no where, it's so sad. My thoughts are with his wife and four daughters man. Crazy
Thank god they weren’t with him... this is horrible Edit: His 13yr old daughter was with him( Gigi ) what a tragic day.. she had her whole life ahead of her... fuck all this
Hopefully they weren’t. The only thing I’ve seen is Vanessa wasn’t with him Edit: other people are telling me his daughters are okay
i saw a couple reports saying he's survived by all four daughters. they werent with him. edit: One of his daughters was reportedly with him. Gianna. fuck this sucks
Was his family on the helicopter? Or just him?
I seriously still think this isn’t real. What the fuck?
I can’t even. This doesn’t seem real. RIP Legend
Crazy stuff. As a spurs fan, his games against us growing up were always legendary. RIP Kobe
Same as a Suns fan. Always great battles and I grew to respect Kobe a ton. This sucks
Neymar after scoring: https://twitter.com/Dezildezzz/status/1221542084953493504
Sad plus kobe was a fan of the "beautiful game" too!
Big fan of the beautiful game! Big Rossonero fan too
Holy crap. What a loss. Kobe Bryant has done countless amounts of good to the world, probably got a lot of us here out of rough times. Let's not forgot those who were also lost in the crash and their families. They will forever live with "my brother/sister/father/mother/etc died in the crash that killed Kobe." I wish them all well.
The worst part about this for me is just the future Kobe should have had being erased. Never got to be inducted into the HoF. Never got to see the Lakers win another championship. I was just so looking forward to the next 35+ years of Kobe basketball analysis. He had so much to offer to this game still, and to this world. I can't believe he's gone.
The best of his life was probably ahead of him honestly, really sad.
With how hard he worked while in the NBA he deserved so many more years with his wife and girls, and pouring that work ethic into other projects. I don't wanna be overdramatic but the world lost a once in a generation icon today. He can't ever be replaced.
What the fuck, I have no words. All those articles written about his career in the past few weeks with lebron passing him, and it just ends like that. A tragedy in all senses.
I hated Kobe growing up but I feel like crying.
Those feelings sum up "sports hate." You HATE the player, but not the person
That is exactly how I feel too. What the fuck. It just can't be real.
Yeah I despised him but goddamn...
Same here, this is a blow to basketball fans everywhere. The dude gave everything he had to the game.
Titan of the game died today. Way too fucking young.
"I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it." Rest in peace, Mamba
I'm sick to my stomach. His poor wife and daughters
He finally had time to be home now that he was retired. Absolutely devastating, I can't imagine what they're going through.
What the fuck. I can't believe it. Kobe was like Jeter as Celtics fan in that you hated how dominant he was as a player but had the ultimate respect for him for being a legend of the game. Can't even imagine how his family feels. RIP to one of the greatest to ever play.
Im in shock right now... he had multiple daughters. This is so unfair
17, 13, 3, and 7 months. He's the coach of his 13-year-old's basketball team.
And the 13 year old died in the crash
I didn't want to believe it because the report that all four died turned out to be false, but TMZ is usually right about these things. https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
The youngest is a new born.
Let kobes death be the reason we wake up tomorrow and take it to the next level! Haven’t started your project? Finish it Contemplating the gym? Go Stopped reading a book? Pick it back up. Make the mamba proud and let’s start bein the best version of ourselves
Raptors just ran out the 24 second shot cold on the first posession. Now the Spurs are doing the exact same on the second possesion.
May 23, 2010. The Suns had just won game 3 of the WCF against LA, 118-109. Kobe had 36, but went 2-8 from beyond the arc, missing his only two attempts in the 4th when the game was close. Game ended at 11 pm, and I had a few things to finish up before heading home. The way the arena was set up, the fastest route to the parking garage was to walk through the main bowl after leaving the office. As I make my way out at 11:30 pm, the lights in the arena dim, I hear a ball bouncing on the main court. I look to see who it was, and found Kobe out there shooting 3s. By himself. Top of the key, shoot, make it, get the ball. Back to the top of the key, shoot, miss, get the rebound. No coaches, no trainers, no teammates. Just the best player on earth, practicing his 3 point shot, alone. I sat down about 20 rows up, in an otherwise empty 18,000 seat arena, and watched one of the best five humans to ever play the sport practice in solitude for 25 minutes. After he had put up probably 75 or 80 threes from all around the arc, he grabbed the ball and went to the locker rooms. That night taught me so much about what it meant to be THE. BEST. About putting in work that no one sees. About perseverance. About never being happy with how good you are and always wanting to improve, even if you’re already the best. Kobe made a lifelong fan in those 25 minutes. RIP to one of the all time greats.
That's a fantastic story. I always despised his Lakers, but his work ethic was undeniable. His refusal to let a game go is what always impressed me the most. I can't for the life of me remember what game it was, but it was a playoff game and the Lakers were down 11 with about 2:00 on the clock in the 4th. Out of the 10 guys on the court, he was the only one who was playing like he thought the Lakers were going to win. I remember thinking it out loud and then whoever was calling the game saying something to that effect. His will alone brought it to a 3 point game. The Lakers lost, just like in your story, but seeing somebody KNOW that they're going to win a game that everyone else had abandoned was amazing. He was a greatly skilled player, obviously, but I really believe his will was his most important characteristic.
Some people are like "oh its a celebrity you don't even know the person" but people underestimate how these people touch lives. I was a kid with cancer during the '01 playoff run. I had a make a wish foundation wish to let you know how bad I was. I wanted to meet Shaq and Kobe. It's late May early June so yeah that's not happening so I settle for a PS2 a bunch of tech stuff and a big screen tv (I couldn't travel because my immune system was shot and I was afraid to ask for too big of a TV to tell you how innocent I was). Well....two weeks later I get a call. Who but Bean, calling me telling me he heard I wanted to meet him and how he was out there playing for kids like me and how he appreciated having me as a fan and to hang in there and I can overcome anything ect. It was only a 4-5 minute call but it lifted my spirits. I never told any of my friends about it, only my parents eve knew about it. I'm not saying it saved my life, but it gave me hope.... I had a ~20% chance for survival. That was 20 years ago. That man influenced the way I look at and attack life. I woke up this evening to the news of his passing and I've been crying on and off the entire time here at work trying to reason with myself "hey this is just a basketball player why the fuck are you crying man get over it" But I felt like a member of my own family passed. These people touch us in ways words can't always express. You will be missed dearly Kobe and I hurt for all those hurting in you, and the other passengers passing.
https://streamable.com/hjxk8 Stoudemire reaction live in a game in Tel Aviv during a game https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/eud0eo/the_basketball_world_reacts_to_the_passing_of/ffo1qtz/ Better version ^
Shaquille O'Neal Tweet: https://twitter.com/SHAQ?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor There’s no words to express the pain Im going through with this tragedy of loosing my neice Gigi & my brother @kobebryant I love u and u will be missed. My condolences goes out to the Bryant family and the families of the other passengers on board. IM SICK RIGHT NOW
https://twitter.com/NBATV/status/1221535608482549767 “For those Kobe fans that are out there, that are feeling like I feel right now, just try and think of all the joy that he brought you.” Brian Shaw reacts to the reported passing of Kobe Bryant.
I would rather watch the Lakers lose 100 finals back to back against the Boston Celtics than for this to happen. RIP Kobe edit: i'm just using this an expression to convey how painful this is. i apologize if it seems like i am trying to compare a human life to a game. i am not.
Same but vice versa. What the fuck...
That’s been the reaction all around, just what the fuck. Love or hate the guy on the court, everyone respected him. Praying for his family is all we can do
I would rather put prime Kobe and Shaq on the current Laker team and watch them terrorize the league for 10 years than this happen. I can't believe it.
This made me laugh.... but then I remembered what happened. I can't fucking believe it
this one is weirdly hitting me different. obviously because of the timing, but Kobe had this aura that was like he was never supposed to die. like he would outsmart and outwork death. this is just nuts EDIT: oh my god it was his 4 daughters with him?! that's horrible https://twitter.com/dennyburk/status/1221525994172928001?s=21 EDIT: Fox reported says they've confirmed his family WAS NOT with him, thank god https://twitter.com/AWainwrightTV/status/1221526799542255616?s=20 EDIT: Woj says it was Kobe and his daughter, on the way to her game, with another player and her parent. plus the pilot. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221537476893925376?s=12
Not like this
I feel like the public was just starting to see a side of him, even better than his basketball self, as a parent, as a figure of success and ambition. This is tough to swallow.
What really hit me hard is when I wondered to myself what his final words to GiGi were.
NBA should add #24 jersey patch to all team's jerseys the rest of the season
And the All Star game MVP should be named after him
Yeah, I agree they should have a patch of some kind on the jerseys to commemorate the life of Kobe Bryant.
Jay Williams being real as fuck right now on ESPN 2. Someone who came close to losing his life.
He's offering an incredible and raw take. Mad respect for Jay Williams right now.
Meanwhile the idiots on ESPN asking shit like "what will his legacy be?" Are you fucking me? How disrespectful. He's one of the fucking GOATS. You know his legacy. We all fucking saw it, man. We lived through it with him. I know we don't have any real facts about the crash but stop trying to get soundbites about this shit.
https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas Confirming a helicopter crash.
I can’t believe it. This fucking sucks. His poor wife and daughters.. Edit: I just found out his daughter Gianna was onboard. My heart breaks for everyone involved. It puts life into perspective, showcasing how chaotic it truly is.
let's hope his daughters weren't on board
Apparently they weren’t thank goodness EDIT: WOJ confirmed that his 13 year old daughter Gianna was on the helicopter with him. Absolutely terrible.
Absolutely. Not that the other four on board makes this any less tragic, of course (and just as much sympathy goes out to them as well). But if it was him and his kids... my God. That'd be absolutely horrible. Edit: It appears reports are now confirming one of his daughters was on board. Adrian Wojnarowski is also saying that another parent and daughter were accompanying them on their way to a practice. :(
Many families losing a piece is somehow easier to accept than an entire family checking out at once, or both parents...
Hence Saving Private Ryan.
Oh yeah. Forgot that was basically the incident
I'm reading that his daughters were on board. I hope this report is false. EDIT: Confirmed that his 13 year old daughter was on board as well. None of his other kids were.
ABC report is saying they were Edit: it looks like ABC was wrong https://twitter.com/AWainwrightTV/status/1221526799542255616?s=19 Edit 2: tweet has been deleted. I'll see myself out because now I am adding to the speculation that I think is bs
That’s what I just heard and I was hoping I misheard that.
I played it back 3 times to make sure. They just grazed over it...
Apparently his family was not on board, thank god. All 4 daughters and his wife are safe. Edit: RIP TO GIANNA
I’m so glad his daughters didn’t lose their mother too Edit: It only gets worse. RIP to his 13 year old daughter too. This is a shitty day.
Agreed, especially because they have a baby girl as well.
ABC just reported 4 daughters were on board during Pro Bowl break.
That’s why I’m on this thread, cause that shocked me and I’m curious if it’s confirmed or if I misheard???
Well. Sounds like it's real. Fuck.
https://twitter.com/LASDHQ/status/1221514409056432128 The LA County Sheriff's department is confirming there was a helicopter crash in Calabasas and that 5 people have died but no names have been released yet so this is sounding very real. Edit: There are people saying that his daughters were with him and there are people also saying that Rick Fox was with him so there is a lot of misinformation being spreaded now. As of now, the only person we absolutely know was on the plane Helicopter was Kobe so it's better to wait for some confirmation on the other people on the plane. Edit #2: 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks. Edit #3: Multiple sources are saying that Rick Fox is safe and well the information spread about him being in the helicopter is not true. Edit #4: There were 9 people on the plane including Kobe and his daughter Gianna. Three of them have been identified as Orange Coast College baseball coach John Altobelli, his wife and his daughter
Such a terrifying way to go, too. Shit.
Absolutely awful seeing as he's been on countless helicopter rides. One of my worst fears is to be on a plane and it just suddenly malfunctions and crashes.
If it’s worth anything to you, with a large plane, as most of us go on, it’s one of the safest things you could use for transportation. These helicopters and small planes are definitely the highest possibility for aviation crashes though.
The human brain is weird man. People feel safe and in control in a car on the ground but it’s statistically far far more dangerous than flying, which people are afraid of edit: alright I fuckin get it, planes have a high fatality rate when they malfunction mid-flight. 50 people already replied it thanks
It probably has to do with us thinking because we have control, we'll be fine.
Also probably because it’s scarier to be 30,000 feet in the air and fall to your death than to get into a car accident
There was just an accident next to my house. Driver was texting and hit a family. I'd much rather be in a plane where the pilot is highly trained and has to undergo rigorous testing. The only thing keeping you safe when you drive is a yellow line painted on the ground
I think the biggest concern with people is that a fender bender is a bit of whiplash and an insurance call. A plane crash is almost certain death.
Nah, the data isn't simply comparing being more likely to get in an accident, its literally comparing chance of dying, which is much much higher in cars.
This is one of the reasons that I will never fly in a small plane/helicopter. Something like 95% of all aircraft crashes are these small private craft.
Small planes are pretty safe - even if the engine dies, they have the highest glide ratios of any aircraft, and can almost always get to somewhere safe to land. When helicopters fail it's a hope and a prayer, despite pilots being trained to autorotate down. It's why I have zero desire to get into helicopters.
As a heli pilot myself who has trained to do auto rotations and have been with pilots who can do it with their eyes closed, I can tell you that the pilot that flew for someone of Kobe's stature was probably an elite pilot. Someone who could do autos in their sleep and controlled the helicopter like a puppet. Even so, when shit goes wrong on a heli, even the best of the best can't do much once you start to fking spin and lose all control. It's fucked up.
What are some of the possible situations that can happen that lead to spinning out of control? Is something like that occurring more likely to be due to weather conditions or a mechanical failure?
Highest probable causal factors considering the low vis/fog in the area (in order of likelihood): Vertigo (pilot's perception of up/down/left/right didn't match reality) Obstacles (tower, power line, or rising mountain terrain obscured by low visibility) CFIT (Controlled flight into terrain, aka pilot doesn't notice constant steady rate descent or rising terrain) Loss of Tail Rotor Drive Likely you have a little of column 1 and column 2 which led to column 3
helicoptering to me never seems in control. you're fighting constant changing variables. Fuck that.
LSU's OC daughter in law died in a small plane crash too.
A plane can and will glide for awhile, a plane wants to fly. A helicopter...does not.
A helicopter can autorotate and land safely with no power
I saw the video of the Leicester City owner crash couple of years ago. Absolutely horrible to die in something you do daily. Helicopters are probably the most dangerous air travel.
It's ridiculous that the pilot chose to fly in foggy conditions. Number one way to die in a helicopter. If you fly in descent weather, helicopters are really not too dangerous. Source: heli pilot
I'd imagine it was difficult to tell your boss 'no' when the gig is so sweet, plus didn't the reports say it seemed to be engine failure?
Helicopters seemed a lot less dangerous to me once I learned about autorotation and realized that an engine failing in a helicopter is very survivable if the helicopter's at altitude. But still, between this and the Leicester City crash, if I was a big athlete I'd be a bit leery of them at this point. Wonder what the death stats are vs driving. But even if helis are about as safe it's hard to get past the extra emotional fear of what an air crash must be like.
Planes want to fly, helicopters don't Edit: Granted I'm still only a student pilot but I'll take fixed wings and a controlled glide over autorotation in an engine emergency situation any day.
my dad was an Air Force guy so he's biased towards planes, but he never liked helicopters because "they break 3 laws of physics just by taking off". He was kidding (for the most part) when he criticized choppers but I could tell he wouldn't want to fly in one if he didn't have to
Helicopter mechanic, can confirm. "A helicopter is just a million parts, rotating around an oil spill, waiting for metal fatigue to set in" " Takeoff is optional, landing is not"
Yep my dad worked on helicopters for 11 years in the Navy... won't go anywhere near them
I saw a really horrible video of a bride who was en route to her wedding when the helicopter went down. Someone is filming inside the helicopter and it's awful. I'd never set foot on one.
I had a client who worked in aviation insurance for 30 years and he told me if he could give me one tip that would be to never get in a private helicopter or a hot air balloon. This was years ago, and now every time a accident like this happens i think of that guy.
Reminds me of the Roy Halladay plane crash
Life is so weird.
“12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
It has to be... god damn
Ny post verified Kobe was on board as well.
I hope his family wasn't in the helicopter...but if that's true, that still means some other folks died. This is so sad.
A reporter on ABC just made it seem like his family was on the helicopter with him, but it didn’t feel like they hey had it confirmed. It was a weird report and if inaccurate hugely unprofessional. I hope his daughters are ok.
Jesus. He was just at the Lakers game. Doesn't seem real. Basketball legend. RIP Kobe
I can’t believe it, the guy has flown in helicopters for years to travel around for games and now, right after the birth of his last daughter in the prime of his lifetime, it fails him :(. Terrible news
was Kobe the pilot of the helicopter?
He was a certified pilot in case of emergency, but I highly doubt he was the usual pilot. Everything I've seen says there was an onboard fire and, depending on where it was, there is fuck all you can do about that. Edit: I've been corrected about him being a pilot.
wonder how the fire started
He is not a certified pilot. https://amsrvs.registry.faa.gov/airmeninquiry/Main.aspx
No he hired a personal pilot. The helicopter he usually flew on was a Robinson R44 I think which are popular for training but unique from other Helis due to using a flat 4 piston engine instead of a turbine. They’re also know for having many deadly crashes from defective rotor blades and weak fuel tank design like passengers could survive the impact but fuel tank breaks engulfing the survives in flames
If it's known for the failures why are they still made?
It was actually a Sikorsky S-76B confirmed by the heli-association. Reason for crash is unknown
My pilot buddy says visibility was pretty bad and the elevation there is fairly high.
Don’t think so, it caught fire and that’s how it crashed
Fuuuck... That would be scary, RIP Kobe.
It’s not really appropriate but I always wonder how people react in those last minutes. Do they freak out like most of us? Are they as cool under pressure as they are when they’re down by 2 with 0:04 remaining. I know we’ll never know but I always like to pretend in moments like that, they are the exact same as we remember them.
I can't stop thinking about the same thing. I've buried far too many friends in the last 3 years, and for some reason there last thoughts/words are always what I think about most. I honestly feel like it shakes me up even more thinking Kobe was just stone faced and calm throughout all this. The man was a human, which was/is easy to forget when you've looked up to him as something bigger than life for over a decade. I can't handle/process the idea of Mamba Kobe going down at the moment. As terrible as it is that him and his daughter passed, I hope that they were at least able to comfort each other in there final moments. It's all we can really hope for right now.
I often spend more time wondering about things like that. Did they have time to comfort each other? Or was it a very sudden—things were fine, then they weren’t, and it’s over type—situation? I know we will most likely never know. I had family on the Air France 447 flight that went down in between Brazil and France. The pilot’s instruments froze and he pulled up, taking the plane into a very slow, apparently almost unnoticeable stall. Over the years I have spoken with many flight engineers who said my sister would probably have had no idea what was happening and didn’t feel anything when she went. I always pray that was true.
Your sister was on Air France 447? Damn, that is rough. For what it is worth from a complete stranger on the interwebs, I can tell you that those flight engineers you spoke to are 110% correct with what they told you. None of the passengers knew anything was about to happen because the plane was in a stall, not a dive, and it was instantaneous. Now, Kobe’s crash, holy shit, it seems that he may have had quite a bit of time before his death, 10 seconds at least, up to a minute if the chopper was at a higher altitude. Brutal man, absolutely brutal.
What wrenches my heart is what went through his mind knowing his daughter was going to die. I'm not saying I'd be cool and collected facing my own death, but as a father, just thinking of my daughter also dying is horrific. This is what's eating me up right now.
Yeah man. I have a two year old daughter and another kid on the way. I immediately went and gave my wife and little one the biggest hug possible. Shit really is different when you have kids.
Literally was having this discussion when that plane in Iran went down. Horrifying way to go, imagine those last few seconds of your life, literally out of your control & nothing you can do. I pray to never experience this. RIP
Losing a game won't end your life, they freak out like all of us and panic too.
Many people are calm before death
Yeah I can see him being calm before death but the fact that his daughter was on it, he was definitely freaking out.
Yeah, I can't imagine what he was feeling, knowing his daughter was going to die beside him. So incredibly sad.
Probly just held his daughter
What else could you do. Death is inevitable. At least they had each other in the end.
I dunno, I was in a car that rolled down a hill and once we started flipping over I pretty much just accepted whatever was going to happen. Your body doesn’t bother panicking when you know there’s nothing you can do.
It’s not inappropriate, death conjures weird feelings and makes us think deeply about things like this.. wanting know how someone reacts in they’re last moments may come off as *insensitive to those more closely attached to the situation but it’s perfectly naturally to be having those thoughts.. I’m sure the Mamba’s up there helping god improve his baseline post fade.
Thanks. That means a lot, Internet friend.
His 13 year old daughter died with him too. Life sucks
https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ Kobe Bryant died in a helicoper crash in Calabasas Sunday morning ... TMZ Sports has confirmed. Kobe was traveling with at least 3 other people in his private helicopter when it went down. A fire broke out. Emergency personnel responded, but nobody on board survived. 5 people are confirmed dead. We're told Vanessa Bryant was not among those on board. The cause of the crash is under investigation. Kobe has famously used a helicopter to travel for years -- dating back to when he played for the Lakers. He was known for commuting from Newport Beach, CA to the STAPLES Center in DTLA in his Sikorsky S-76 chopper. KB is survived by his wife Vanessa, and their four daughters -- Gianna, Natalia and Bianca and their newborn Capri. Kobe has recently been spotted out at NBA games with his daughter Gianna -- a rising star basketball player herself. Their youngest daughter, Capri, was just born in June 2019. Story developing ... Edit: LA Time article https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas A helicopter crashed and burst into flames Sunday morning amid foggy conditions in the hills above Calabasas, with multiple fatalities reported. The crash occurred shortly before 10 a.m. near Las Virgenes Road, south of Agoura Road, according to a watch commander for the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. The crash ignited a brush fire and made it difficult for firefighters and emergency personnel to get to the aircraft, he said. Sources at the scene said they believed there were multiple fatalities, but the exact number was unclear. The fire was contained to the crash site, officials said. There were no homes in the area, and no roadways were impacted. Edit: ESPN Confirms Kobe Bryant has passed away. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/28569438/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash Los Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant, 41, is among five people killed in a helicopter crash in Calabasas, California, a source confirmed to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski. Edit: TMZ Confirms Gianna Maria was on board the helicopter and died in the crash. 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
Holy shit I can’t actually believe what I am reading. I’m in shock
My heart is beating out of my chest. I’ve lived in LA my whole life, this guy was LA. We’re going to be mourning this for a long time.
Forever man I still can’t believe it. It’s like I lost a family.
Everyone i know is in tears and can’t comprehend that this is real. We’re all in our 30s and so Kobe has been a big part of our lives, BIG. I just don’t even have the words
Same. Idk how to feel.
Thank God his wife and children weren't involved. I still can't believe this, I'm in shock. Edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320?s=19 #BREAKING: Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash https://t.co/1n7U8bvqhI ??
Their youngest daughter, Capri, was just born in June 2019. This hit hard.
Fuck me man.....
The field reporter for the abc news update just said his daughters were on board with him when they cut in on the pro bowl broadcast. I'm hoping that that's just poor reporting on his part...
There has to be some chance this is fake news... please We just saw this guy congratulating LeBron last night...
No one puts their reputation on the line for news like this. Edit: RIP Kobe
TMZ have some scummy paparazzi practices, but they're rarely wrong on serious things like this.
Not to mention I'm sure if itd confirmed to be his helicopter I would doubt he wasn't on it.
TMZ doesn't get this sort of thing wrong They're tabloid trash for everything except celebrity deaths, where they suddenly become the most reliable media source out there
[deleted]
Please tell me this is the one time they're wrong, please...
This is really shitty...
A lot more outlets are starting to confirm it... unfortunately it’s legit.
[deleted]
TMZ is trash but when it comes to certain types of reporting they do not screw around. This is one of those things
TMZ is mostly trash because of what they report, not because they are bad at it. Don't remember them getting much wrong.
Agreed. Any rumours ignore TMZ. If it’s to do with someone dying, sick or in jail/legal trouble it’s probably true. The precedent has been set for defamation in those instances.
They always get the celebrity shit right. . That's literally their thing.
I know but... come on what the fuck. The guy is barely 40. Fake news ONE TIME please
Man he didn't get to enjoy his retirement for that long... I cannot believe this bro
I think they reported Lil Wayne had died when he was just hospitalized after a seizure or something. But they're right more often than not. Holding my breath and hoping they're wrong here.
Yeah but there's a big difference between a seizure and a helicopter crash
TMZ bends the truth all the time for views but they don’t outright lie, because that’s not their thing. They would never make up something like this because they would get sued into oblivion and lose all “credibility” (I know, I know).
They wouldn’t put stuff like this out if it weren’t true or it would destroy them. As it’s destroyed me.
Unfortunately I can't see them take the risk of being wrong about this
They're the only ones reporting it, but probably only because they're waiting for official word that the his next of kin have been notified. I follow the reporter from the LA Times that has been following this in twitter, and he's been hinting its a pretty big deal.
I think it's true. I've always been a Kobe 'hater' and I'm completely shaken up. This is just so horrible. R.I.P. Kobe Bryant
Dude I am feeling the same way. Hated on him since I was a kid and shook. Crazy stuff. Rip.
This would be tragic
[deleted]
I haven't watched or played Basketball in 10 years but Kobe was the one player I used to love watching when I did. Fuck, this one sucks.
Tragic is an understatement.
Life is fragile. True or not there will never be another Kobe.
LA County Fire Dept Twitter - Aircraft Down
FUCK
Holy shit. This can’t be true
I just can't imagine Kobe not being around. This is one of the biggest moments in sports history outside of the game
I barely know an NBA without Kobe, I figured he’d be one of those elder statesmen being courtside and around the game for decades to come
He would’ve and should’ve been... fuck man
His poor family
It breaks for my heart for his kids. Just had one in June. Unbelievable. I can't believe this what the actual fuck.
Yeah i was just thinking about his daughters. He was always so involved with them, he always talked about them like they were his world. God, even just saying "was" feels wrong
He absolutely would have been. He loved the game like no one else.
[deleted]
Like we just saw him congratulate Lebron. I thought I would see Kobe around basketball for most of my life but he's suddenly just gone.
I'm in full blown denial.
I barely know an NBA without Kobe, I figured he’d be one of those elder statesmen being courtside and around the game for decades to come
https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas looks like there was a crash reported earlier today with no names holy fuck
this will be the sports equivalent of Princess Diana’s death.
This is absolutely crazy, it's fucking surreal
It cant be real
Unfortunately, reports look like it's real. Holy smokes.
TMZ rarely falsely reports deaths... This is so shitty
That's a spot on analogy. Fucking crazy news.
I’ll probably never forget this moment the rest of my life. Was about to jack off and checked reddit real quick and damn
I think the sports equivalent of that would be like kobe dying during his prime or something. This is still terrible but a little different
Nah, especially since we saw a glimpse of Kobe’s post playing career, there is no doubt he is was going to remain well in the public eye with all His off court work
[deleted]
Roberto Clemente
Bro I dont even know what to say...
I dunno about that - Diana's death had a lot of outside context where the paparazzi that hounded her was largely responsible. This is a terrible, unexpected tragedy and I don't mean to lessen or undermine your grief, I just want to mention there was more to Diana's death. EDIT: To be a little more constructive, I would liken this more to Buddy Holly, The Big Bopper, and Ritchie Valens' plane going down.
I’m shook.
More than shook. What the fuck
I'm so fucking shaken right now
I think its true holy FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!! REST IN PEACE
TMZ are known to be reliable when it comes to celebrity stuff so I'm prepared for the worst.
No one would risk their reputation reporting this kind of news if it weren't true. I can't believe it too but I'm genuinely aching man.
My fondest memory playing youth basketball was getting to play one on one with Kobe when he visited the Army post I lived on in Korea as a kid. He was such a big part of my love for basketball growing up, this shit hits hard even though I didn’t know him.
[deleted]
I feel like they just have sources within law enforcement and medical systems who are sadly willing to sell out if something happens with a celebrity. Weren't they among the first to report that JPP had gotten maimed by fireworks (when it was supposed to be confidential patient info)? Not to mention all the celebrity death stories they're able to break.
They do. They have contacts within airports/airlines and stuff too. On top of that I'm pretty sure they pay top dollar for tips, videos, etc, and all that helps explain how they break so many stories of this nature.
Yeah. People think they're the same as the National Enquirer because their reporting is pretty sleazy, but the Enquirer isn't reliable the way TMZ is.
Despite the shallow gossip stuff they usually cover, TMZ is surprisingly reliable with reporting, mainly because they know celebrities would sue the hell out of them for libel if they misreported something. Sadly, I think this is true.
Fuck, this hits hard. One of my childhood idols. Can't believe this
https://twitter.com/abc7curt/status/1221517701987721216 abc confirmed it. fucking devastated edit: daughter gianna on board helicopter. R.I.P to a legend. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
Not often that you have to open breaking news with "not a joke".
Sad truth about the bullshit social media times we live in...this is fucking crazy
That's true but this is also one of those stories that is SO out there and unexpected, it's 100% natural to doubt it at first regardless of the source. Fucking crazy man, this is some Steve Prefontaine shit.
I’m numb. What do you do? Kobe was such an influence and icon to so many fans let alone the players. I think the NBA needs to take a couple days to let the league come to grips and deal with this loss. Fuck man
Already up on their IG. TMZ does not fail in stuff like this and I'm just too realist to harbour hopes they have been hacked or something. I'm speechless. Best I can say is condolences to the family. If today I'm an NBA fan is due to guys like him when I was growing up. Never rooted for the Lakers or him (but he was a joy to watch play, specially when he was in that zone), but nobody can deny he's one defining piece in NBA history. and his presence will be missed. Rest in peace legend and champ.
Just confirmed by ABC7 in LA. He's gone. RIP Mamba Edit: just confirmed by TMZ that his daughter GiGi was also on board. Awful
Woj confirmed
I think it's thanks to Chappelle but I used to yell "Kobe" when jacking 3's in pickup lol. Damn
Man, I'd yell Kobe when doing anything even remotely close to shooting a basket. Still going to.
Trash can basketball REQUIRES yelling "KOBE" when tossing a paper towel away. It's the law
[deleted]
Helicopters and small aircrafts are super useful and fast but they have a huge risk that if anything goes wrong death is very likely — a soccer player called sala also died in a small plane but there was very careless pilot error It’s sad seeing young people die in tragic accidents especially entertainers who provided joy and motivation to millions Life goes on and everybody has to move on but it’s good to grieve for a short time period the loss of some inspiring people Helicopters are just too unsafe to use as a daily thing really
a soccer player called sala also died in a small plane Plus Roberto Clemente, Thurman Munson
I understand being rich and wanting to have your own aircraft and stuff, but I don’t know that I’d ever trust it no matter how much I make. Too many people have died from private aircraft accidents.
They’re still quite safe, statistically speaking- you just absolutely cannot skip on maintenance like you can with cars (NOT SAYING KOBE DID)
Compared to commercial airplanes though it's manyfolds less safe
Colin McCrae, Davey Allison...
Not true. Helicopters are much safer then fixed wing aircraft when it comes to emergencies, if operated by a well trained pilot. As an air traffic controller, I've personally had 2 helicopters in my short career that I've been talking to declare an emergency and walk away without safe to the aircraft. This is due to a procedure called autorotation. An autorotation is a recovery maneuver where the pilot can force a short, brief rotation of the rotor causing a surge of lift. In one of my examples, a helicopter rapidly lost oil pressure and declared an emergency and aimed to set down in a field. Thanks to the autorotation, he was able to safely (but roughly) land the aircraft with no injuries. He even flew it out less then 3 hours later after preforming an oil change. Now, if that had been a fixed wing aircraft I would be discussing a tragedy. Where that pilot landed was nothing but sheer sea cliffs and dirt roads. His only option would be an attempted sea landing which often times proves fatal. Helicopter pilots practice autorotations relentlessly at my former airport, and watching autorotations was always so cool. You see the helicopter nose down and speed towards the ground only at the last second to recover and avoid the ground. I'd fly in a helicopter over an airplane any day of the week.
Not only a billionaire and an owner of Leicester City, Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha was loved by many and did amazing stuff for the people of Leicester and also bunch of charities.
Woj confirmed it
I can't believe it dude. Kobe Bryant is dead. Fuck man. This is awful news.
I can't even believe it. This doesn't even feel possible. What the fuck.
Yeah my brain does not compute. Like everything points to it being a real story but I literally can't believe it.
I’m devastated, man. Just devastated.
I wasn't even a Lakers fan but this is just so so so so depressing. He's done so much for basketball. I feel so bad for his daughter and family in general, he was such a great dad :( Edit: Tmz just confirmed his daughter was on the helicopter as well. Fuck :(
Man, he was always supposed to be one of my enemies as a Celtics fan but i could never bring myself to disliking him. What the fuck. This is so fucking upsetting
This is hard to accept for real
2020 is off to an incredibly insane start and January isn’t even over yet.
I feel you. I’m heartbroken. Not a Kobe fan, not a Lakers fan. Doesn’t matter. Wife and 4 daughters, was only 41...it’s just devastating. Feel like I need to go call my mom.
I’m in Sydney, it’s 6:45am my brother ran into my room telling me. I just don’t know. I flew all the way to Cleveland to watch him vs Bron...
I'm speechless wtf happened to my kobe
I loved to hate him on the court. Then I loved everything he did after he retired. This hurts.
Kobe felt untouchable
It feels like a fucking shitty generated story from a game or something. WHAT THE FUCK? NO! We were supposed to have 50 years of his old man banter with Lebron! Fucking WHAT???
I’m completely shook right now. Grew up watching him.
It's so out of the fucking blue. Truly shocking and terribly sad.
at the gas pump and the woman next to me is balling bawling. This is awful. Edit: fixed it ya jerks lol. Fuck though.
It's what Kobe would want
Lol fuck you for making me laugh right now. Seriously though, thanks for this.
#mambamentality
Fuck you for making me laugh at that.
You have to laugh at death
Ok, lmao at the typo, but... bawling* Balling is what Kobe did.
Kobe's balling in heaven now :'(
Damn... She might be trying to continue Kobe's legacy
wtf man. This is crazy. That is so sad.
What the fuck man this has to be fake
Vanessa went private on Instagram so I think it may be true unfortunately
If Kobe was alive he would just tweet it and this would be put to rest. :(
Dude I'm about to cry, the news is reporting that his daughters were on the helicopter. What in the fuck.
i’m literally in shock
I can't even process that this is real.
Can't even process this really doesn't make sense
Man what the actual fuck
I just can't believe it!
I can’t believe this
He seemed like one of those guys that would just be around forever
NBA greats tend to stay forever. We still have Bill Russell, for Christ's sake.
I know black doesn’t crack but he just always looked so young to me. Like he’d be around spreading his nba wisdom until the heat death of the universe
He was the kind of guy that was supposed to live forever. Like his work ethic was so insane he’d outwork death. I just can’t believe it.
Fuck man, I was worried about losing Bill Russell soon. Figured we'd still had more time with Kobe.
It's not like he was 60. He just retired a few years ago.
I kind of never considered the possibility that Kobe was a mortal who could even die. He was like the timeless, ubiquitous embodiment of basketball. Fuck.
Yeah it sounds made up. Completely out of the blue.
Sound engineer wearing a TWA hat. Yeah, that guy may be a good witness. Edit: TWA is Trans World Airlines. A once very large airline that was bought by American Airlines in 2001. There are a lot of aviation fans that are fond of TWA.
They need to hire him to figure out why this videos sound is so damn low..
I thought it was my desktop, I was turning headphones up and everything!
that reminds me, better turn it down now
Nah, I'm sure I'll remember to tonight once everyone's asleep and I'm ready to "relax".
Then Billy Bush screams at you.
It's just locker room screaming.
THANKS FOR WATCHING. MAKE SURE TO HIT THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON
TWA was Trans World Airlines btw.
So happy for trans people to get their own Airline!
There's an old transmission repair place down the road, sign looks like the guy's been there 20-30 years. His shop is called "The Trans Man" oh how the times changed out from under that poor fucker.
"So you're telling me this whole Siberian Orchestra is trans?"
Tiggas With Attitude
He literally the perfect witness for this. Knows about flight... knows about sound which is like eyes when there's dense fog.
An ear witness, no joking. He is a professional sound engineer that knows how to identify from sounds alone what visually might be happening.
Yea seriously it's like he was made for this moment. If he started a podcast simply discussing his favorite topics (I'm assuming sound engineering and flying) I'd listen. He has a nice voice too.
I feel like this guy could reasonably explain just about anything. My goodness.
He'd make a great example in an English (as second language) textbook "describe where things are" section.
And his description wasn't entirely cold and technical. It was accessible and easy to follow, and he made sure to contend that the occupants likely didn't suffer. This kind of rationality is more comforting to me than anything flowery. He tells us a guy who lived there 17 years has "never seen the clouds so dense or so low." Something about these tangible details, that take some of the confusion away, also help dispel the usual feeling of arbitrary injustice.
Right, he seemed very aware of his place as a witness in this tragedy and how others might react to his words. He described it for others to understand, not simply how it impacted himself. So many tv news interviews are the latter, folks still trying to process the events and only describing how they felt in the moment.
I seriously felt like I had witnessed the crash after listening to this guy.
got that right
I’d like him to deliver all of the bad news I receive.
i'd like the good too otherwise there would be just a negative association with seeing him and something bad having just happened
When he described the rotors stopped instantly signaled to him that the rotors must of hit the ground first gave me comfort that the occupants probably never saw the side of the mountain and was a quick death.
The helicopter was going 161 knots or 185 mph at impact. Probably would have been instant...
The data cited for that speed is not reliable at low altitude in varying terrain. The FDR will tell for sure.
And that fact makes this whole situation so much more disturbing. The pilot needed to get special clearance with such minimal visibility. Just drive. It wasn't an emergency. RIP Kobe and everyone else.
I can't imagine how the person that gave clearance to fly in those conditions must be feeling right now.
The part when he said he called 9-11 and was on the phone with dispatch 45 seconds later...I'm like this guy is aware of what's going on.
This guy should be narrating English lessons for non-English speakers, his voice is really, really nice to listen to.
There is another video similar to this of a guy walking with his wife near a shore and a reporter asked him whether he though it was a risky move since a hurricane might hit the area and he said no then proceeded to weather channel the reporter for a good three minutes.
https://popculture.com/trending/2017/09/11/hurricane-irma-weatherman-schooled-by-man-on-beach/
that reporter was like "lets get the fuck out" such arrogance. I would love for there to be non-mainstream weather forecasts by qualified individuals.
“Uh, thanks, let’s see if there are some dumbasses somewhere over here...”
For the record, was this guy correct after all?
No. Irma went directly north through Florida as projected with something like 60% power outages around the Miami area. The guy sounds smart but doesn't actually know anything, which is more than likely why the meteorologist sounded over it
Ah, the good ol’ confident bullshit method, a.k.a., the “akshually” guy.
[deleted]
He is wearing a TWA hat and was using aeronautical terms like ceiling and deck. Probably a pilot too.
The fact that he talked about needing to have control of the aircraft to hover like the pilot seemed to be doing also helps me think that he definitely had pretty good knowledge of aircraft/piloting to some degree.
didnt that make it seem like the pilot was looking for a place to land since it was so foggy? Also, i feel like if I were a helicopter pilot, and fog got that bad, I would just lift straight out and up over the fog layer and find a clear area to get to, is that not possible? Like assuming youre a pilot in an area you know there are mountains around....just go straight up and get higher than this stuff?
Yes and No The pilot may not have been instrument rated. People don't realize how much their coordination and balance, sense of direction, and sense of motion relies on visual input. Most of the training instrument pilots receive is how to basically ignore your senses (which will lie to you) and depend solely what your instruments are telling you when you have no outside visual reference Once you loose visual contact with the ground and the horizon, your brain simply cannot calibrate it's remaining senses to know which way is up so people quite literally fly perfectly good aircraft into the ground upside down all the while thinking they are climbing or in straight and level flight. It happens often enough in fact there's a term for it. CFIT. Controlled Flight Into Terrain.
I think so too. If so, it was good of him not to mention he was a pilot. They would ask him to describe what he thinks the pilot did wrong, and that’s a really shitty thing to do. Let the investigation come out before assigning blame, no matter how obvious something seems. Am pilot, some of the stuff they say on the news sounds like it makes sense to people that aren’t in the field.. but to us it’s complete nonsense.
He volunteered that himself anyway, though: He does say late in the video that he thought the pilot "just didn't know where he was"; that he was disoriented and lost.
Yes I hear you, that’s a far cry from saying, the pilot decided to enter low ceilings in a VFR aircraft and caused an accident due to negligence and etc. He even said earlier that these clouds were very rare for the area, and you could take from that it wasn’t poor planning, it was extenuating circumstances. My point being he didn’t just throw the pilot under the bus.
He's got a classic TWA hat on. I'd guess sound engineer is a second career.
My thoughts exactly. That, and his facility with aviation lingo.
Lol no, this is Calabasas. Probably, like my neighbor, a pro media engineer with a flying hobby.
This just tickled me. My husband is a SE and it perfectly describes the way he explains things.
I’m glad to hear SE loved one’s get it! It is weird seeing the face of loved ones when I say “Man, I like the texture of the snare of that song, it’s crisp but not harsh, remains warm. The verb is perfect.”
Keep that bass splashy!
Oooh I'm so intrigued, can you elaborate on what splashy bass sounds like?
When it just slaps but only after it bops
It's not just the sound aspect, he's a great example of how *science* allows us to analyze things clearly and make sense of complicated data -- he wasn't just talking audio, he was talking wind/altitude/direction etc. -- *observation* plus logic for the win. This is my new American hero for today
r/awardspeechedits
As a meteorologist who did a lot of aviation forecasting, this sounds like a fucking nightmare scenario. Flying visual flight rules, and then getting lost in impossible clouds... Hopefully this guy is right and it was painless.
This may sound stupid... But if the pilot fucked up and is in this situation, can't he just fly up? He should be aware of the terrain and if he is not then isn't that even more reason to gain altitude in the hopes of outclimbing the clouds? Or why not straight down? Both sound better than traversing horizontally when you have no ability to see where you are flying towards.
You can become very quickly spatially disoriented in a situation where you are basically flying blind. There have been several aviation accidents in recent history that have occured as a result of this. Even if you did receive proper training to combat this, it is still very easy to be overwhelmed by the situation, with all your senses going out of wack.
178 Seconds to Live gives an idea of how rapidly the non instrument rated pilot lasts in instrument meteorological conditions.
This reminds of X Pilot's content, and let me tell you that shit shakes me to my core. Breaks my heart.
That’s the scariest one I ever saw. The pilot’s last words are burned into my memory.
Seriously. The first time I ever saw it, I felt my heart drop. The raw fear in his voice... Haunting.
I’ve spent the last 4-5 hours watching these videos after reading your comment earlier. Thank you for giving my girlfriend and I something completely random to bond over.
That is a tough one. Lost an RA from my dorm at UM on that flight. I've seen almost all of the videos and it is hard to find a more chilling set of final words. I was outside 15 miles from the point and time at which TWA 800 went down. There are some truly terrifying theories of what the passengers went through on that plane. Knew two people out on boats that went to the scene-just horrific.
Why did ice build-up cause the plane to swerve so violently all of a sudden?
Even the most seemingly small amount of ice build-up can disrupt airflow over the wing and significantly reduce lift. They were already at a low speed (meaning less lift) and whichever wing lost lift first, the other wing producing lift would cause the aircraft to roll in the direction of the stalled wing.
Okay what the actual fuck that has my heart beating fast holy shit
Apparently being a pilot is not in my future.
I have a friend in the coast guard who's a helicopter rescue pilot and he says that hes always scared hes going to die everytime he flies. He says he eases into it but the anxiety of starting up never goes away
To be honest that is kind of worrying.
I don't find it worrying. Accidents often involve some level of complacency due to doing the same thing for so long you lose the sense of how dangerous it is. Realizing the actual danger you are in every time you do a dangerous task is a good thing.
I was a flight nurse and the exact same way.
Not being a pilot is definitely in my future, though.
So what was happening?
Pilots who are not trained to fly without visual references become disoriented when they lose sight of the horizon. One would think "why doesn't he just look as his instruments to keep his plane level?" The problem is that if you're not expecting it your body will lose that visual reference and revert to the only other way it knows your body is level, your sense of balance. If you put an airplane into a slight bank without visual references your sense of "level" changes slightly if you don't use the instruments to reorient yourself. This is what happens in the video, the pilot looks at his instruments and notices he is turning slightly and corrects, but since his sense of balance thinks that slight turn was level when goes back to actual level flight his sense of balance says "whoa hey we're leaning sideways now". This is what kills pilots, the fight between the body telling him that he's not straight and level and his instruments saying otherwise. You start to freak out, and you're dead in less than 3 minutes.
Two pilots I know have told me that learning to trust the instruments more than themselves was the most taxing part of their training. They described it as a process of breaking oneself of the most basic senses of self preservation they had. “What if the gauge is wrong?” “It’s not.” “But what if you knew it was wrong?” “It’s not.” “But what if it was?” “Then I and everyone I’m flying will die. That’s why it’s not.” The gist of the logic seemed to be situational. They didn’t always blindly trust the equipment, malfunctions do happen, and they can kill you. All else being equal, you are just far more likely to die not trusting the gauge.
i think its that sensation itself that's so hard for people to 'get' and is so dangerous. All it takes is one time to trust yourself over your instruments especially in dense fog/clouds and its all it can take.
I got a better sense for it the first time I went to a gun range and really thought about trigger discipline. Death is a single oops away. I get a similar “trust the machine” when driving my family through the mountains. You have to maintain speed, which is safer than driving slower than the flow of traffic, as long as your car does what it is supposed to. Ultimately the likelihood of getting into a human error related accident is way higher than the likelihood of the car dramatically failing at the critical moment. Neither is close to the whole experience. It’s the closest I’ve experienced to what was described.
Here's a really good video about the physics of this phenomenon from Tom Scott. When you're in a turn, the forces of the airplane will be primarily pushing downward towards your feet, no matter how "not-level" the plane is, so if you can't see the horizon you could easily be tricked into thinking that you're flying level when you're really far from it.
Most likely entered a spiral. Wall of text incoming. Wikipedia article link at the end for a tl;dr. The major thing is that the pilot in this video was trusting his feelings, not his instruments. This is evident right from the beginning where he notices the aircraft turning, but rolls it back to where he "feels" like it's level. One of the first things they teach you when learning to fly in these conditions is that your body will trick you. If you fly slightly banked for long enough or enter it slowly enough without a reference to the horizon, your inner ear will adjust and you'll believe you're straight and level. While this condition isn't fatal and is easily corrected, if left alone, before long it compounds itself, and a pilot without knowledge or experience in these conditions will rapidly find himself overwhelmed by the amount of unusual and apparently contradictory information he has to process. The correct thing to do immediately would be: trust the instrument, level the wings. You're still in low-visibility conditions, but as long as you're aware of the height of the terrain and have sufficient fuel and altitude, you can now begin to solve the problem of getting out of those conditions. But you won't crash. What happens in the video as I understand it is the pilot loses reference with the horizon because of the clouds. Eventually the plane starts banking slightly, imperceptibly to the pilot so that he gets used to the new bank and "feels" like he's level. But now he notices his instrument is indicating a bank, but his body is telling him he's level. He chooses to trust his body. A couple of things begin to take effect now. With the plane banked slightly, it won't produce as much lift vertically as it would otherwise, now there's an added horizontal component, so it begins to lose altitude slightly in addition to beginning a turn. As it begins to descend, the aircraft now has gravity helping it along, so it begins to gain speed. Now the pilot that trusted his body telling him seconds ago that he was flying straight and level is noticing that he's turning, the altimeter is moving, and he's gaining speed. So let's approach this logically. At this point the pilot's starting to panic, so let's solve the most pressing concern: losing altitude. If you're going down, how do you go up? Well obviously pull the nose up. If you're wings level, great. And that's what the pilot thinks. But that's not the case, we've established the aircraft is already in a descending turn. So instead of increasing altitude like he's expecting, pulling the nose up has actually pulled the aircraft further into the turn, increasing the rate of descent, speed, and rate of turn. And this is effectively where everything goes tits up, for lack of a better way of putting it. At this point the pilot is completely disoriented, all of his instruments are telling him something different and changing by the second. If he wasn't able to correctly diagnose the situation earlier when he was in a 5 degree banked turn at a 200 feet per minute descent near his cruising speed and 1500 feet above ground level, he's definitely not going to be able to solve it now in a 45 degree banked turn descending at 800 feet per minute and rapidly approaching the aircraft's never-exceed speed, blowing through 400 feet above ground level. At that point it's pretty much game over. Wiki link for graveyard spiral
And that's in a plane. In a helicopter, inadvertent IFR is more like 10 seconds to live.
A few years back I read a New Yorker article about an Air France plane that went down over the Atlantic. The article was so disturbing. The narrative was based on the flight recording. Apparently the co-pilot woke the captain up from a nap and the captain stands in the cockpit looking at the instruments and realizes they are all fucked and there is no way to recover and a few seconds later it was all over..
Can someone explain what he should've done? I mean, I'm guessing to just trust his instruments.
the first instrument showing wing orientation - keep that level and check your altimeter to make sure you aren't losing altitude as well as airspeed to prevent stalling, and you can cruise through clouds until you run out of fuel. But that video sorta doesn't do justice how disorienting looking at all-white static out the window with no reference even if you make even the slightest change to the controls.
When John F Kennedy Jr crashed that plane off Martha's Vineyard it was because he became visually disoriented and was not trained to fly solely on instruments.
There was a great quote about Kennedy and I dont recall who said it but they said "Kennedy knew just enough to get himself killed. If he knew more he would have known how to fly in those conditions amd if he'd known less he would have known not to fly"
Experienced pilots have had a close call or two in their lives. Once that happens they are very cautious in regards to weather. You would much rather be on the ground wishing that you had flown that day than be in the air wishing you had not flown that day.
Sailors, too.
A half-decent sailor should surely aim to be neither in the air nor on the ground.
Yeah, people underestimate how much information we passively receive through the coordination of our eyes to our surroundings. We look at incidents like these in the scuba diving world because many of the effects on decision-making are extremely similar. You end up with situations where people literally don't know which way is up in only 10 feet of water because your brain is completely disoriented by the (lack of) information being fed through your eyes.
A Kennedy died like this as well
That was a bunch of factors, included limited flight time on a dual engine high-performance with no IFR (instrument flight rules) certification, night flying over water (which acts like a mirror and makes the horizon difficult to see), and some hazy weather. EDIT: It was a “high-performance” but not a twin engine Piper. He had just been endorsed for high-performance two months earlier.
He was flying a single engine. All those other things are exactly the things that contribute to the disorientation that u/bluescreenofdeathish described.
And don't they have instruments that indicate terrain to them?
Most light aircraft are equipped with altimeters that use air pressure. Radio altimeters are capable of measuring changes in ground elevation, which this helicopter may not have been equipped with.
Apparently this helicopter was top of the line equipped with advanced instruments, including a terrain mapping system. Not sure if it malfunctioned or pilot just ignored it.
There's a lot of instruments in the cockpit, and pilots not specifically trained to fly using instruments alone will have a very rough time trying to fly without vision in part because of this. It's an information overload and the instruments you use when you can see are different than the ones you use when you can't see. If the pilot is used to referencing his standard altimeter for communication with air traffic control, he's also going to reference the standard altimeter when he panics and can't see. That shows altitude above sea level rather than above the ground, which then can serve to confuse a pilot who is already flying low and can't tell where he's at exactly.
He thought he was at 1400 ft apparently, from the radar communications. Guess he didn't realize the cloud cover was so low and maybe made an idiot mistake reading 140ft at 1400ft or something. Edit: 1400ft above sea level which is only a few hundred feet above the ground in the area he was and not above some of the surrounding mountains. He was in a holding pattern that the guy described waiting for confirmation from flight control, and he stated multiple times his plan to maintain 1400 altitude and fly along a certain freeway (118). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0pQfgi9ZqU (better link provided by braedoktor and others who pointed out my old link was a repost farmer)... however could not link to exact timing, communication with the nearby airport (Van Nuys) starts at 2:37. Also, looking up some of the terminology, the flight controller asks more than once if he was transitioning under VFR (visual flight rules) and he confirmed he was. Which implies he was able to see which is obviously not true in the conditions. Don't know what that is about exactly. Then when he was handed off to the next control tower after getting cleared on the flight plan they didn't have good reception because he was so low and they couldn't advise.
Keep in mind that 1400ft is above sea level, not terrain.
Yeah, I was considering that... calabasas is listed at 920 ft above sea level with the calabas heights up to 1391 ft above sea level. Pilot was advised to stay below 2500 ft and mentioned he was at 1400 then 1500 ft. so perhaps his instrumentation was off but I would think there would be advice to fly up a bit towards the 2500 ft level.
why below 2500 ft? did they somehow think the clouds got worse higher up?
They didn't want to put them in danger of having a plane taking off or landing at one of the many airports in the area crash into them, and the helicopter pilot seemingly said he was flying under VFR--visual flight rules--meaning he said he could see.
VFR is the type of flight rules which helicopters usually abide by because they usually fly low to the ground without adequate terrain clearance to fly without seeing the terrain. VMC (Visual Meteorological Conditions) means you can see. The helicopter may have been operating in IMC (Instrument Meteorological Conditions) without an IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) clearance, and might have been trying to get this clearance with ATC. He requested flight following, meaning he wanted to stay VFR but get “alerts” from ATC provided they have identified him on their radar screen.
The pilot said he was VFR at 1500’ when switched from van nuys and wanted flight following, and this was after he transitioned van nuys on a SVFR clearance.
The helicopter may have been operating in IMC (Instrument Meteorological Conditions) without an IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) clearance, and might have been trying to get this clearance with ATC. Might be different in the civilian world, but when I was in the military if you went inadvertent IMC like what sounds like happened here, there's certain procedures you follow to make sure you don't do exactly what ended up happening here, which is hit the side of a mountain. Typically going inadvertent IMC is an emergency situation which I'd imagine ATC would prioritize over other traffic. I could be wrong since it's been a while.
Because they’re flying transitions. Usually altitude restrictions like that are given to keep your out of some sort of airspace.
Adding to that, the LA area has a shit load of specific air spaces that work at specified altitudes. So he had to stay below the assigned altitude by ATC. This is because of LAX and the several other smaller airports in the area. I am not sure about the Youtube video i saw but it might have been Matt Guthmiller and he had a video flying IFR in there in his small 2 prop plane and had a load of ATC contact and restrictions because of airliners and the nearby airports.
He wanted to fly VFR visual flight rules in non-vfr weather. In those cases you assign them special-vfr and to maintain at or below 2500 to separate them from other aircraft. You can't assign them a direct altitude because under SVFR the pilot is responsible to keep himself out of the clouds which means they may have to frequently change altitude so ATC block off those altitudes from other planes.
The clouds were definitely worse higher up. It could have been several thousand feet before he would have gotten above it. Flying by instruments isn't just a choice to stop looking out the window and look at the instrument panel. Instrument flight is flying a specific, known course between two known points. Various directionally sensitive radios in the ship need to be set to specific frequencies and headings in order to even intersect a course line. The pilot was maintaining that he was still in VFR conditions to every controller he was speaking to when it apparently wasn't true. This pilot was very likely in violation of FAA rules concerning vfr flight and vfr conditions. If he declared an emergency or admitted that he had flown into instrument meteorological conditions he could have had his license suspended or worse. He was definitely hoping he'd get away with it. The FAA is very procedural and that's why aviation is generally very safe. He needed to declare an emergency. From there a controller could have had a chance to help. The main obstruction for a controller assist was how close he was to the ground anyway. A radar cannot always pickup small ships that close to the ground. Hilly terrain can make blind spots. If the controller could see him on radar and if the pilot declared an emergency they could have prioritized that aircraft over all others. He could have given him a direct heading to turn to and an altitude to climb to. He could have then rerouted all other conflicting traffic to other specific courses. At that point, if the emergency played out where they landed safely there would be an investigation and the pilot would likely be found in violation and get his license suspended. It could be a career ending judgment for a professional executive pilot. There's a very sad controller at John Wayne Airport that permitted that helicopter to take off when it was likely IFR conditions locally. John Wayne Airport is very near the coast and the fog is usually worse. Sometimes pilots will request a special vfr departure when there are clear conditions very near the airport. Judging from the weather yesterday morning and the evening before, just about everywhere was IFR conditions.
They're in LA, $20 says it's traffic from LAX above them.
Not just LAX but there is the Santa Monica airport, Van Nuys airport, and Burbank airport even closer.
Nowhere near LAX. The west side of the San Fernando Valley does get descending air traffic going into Burbank airport though.
No they only adviced that because he got a special clearance through towers airspace. Special vfr, it's when you cannot maintain you're own terrain and obstruction clearance so you pass through a controlled area at or below an altitude. Once the helicopter left the second towers airspace he was on his own visual conditions. Which he said he was able to maintain. Then he went to approach but since he was so low they couldn't hear him. Within a minute or two later he crashed.
This video depicts the flight path of the aircraft. The pilot was initially operating on a SVFR (Special VFR) clearance, which allows a pilot to operate an aircraft visually when the weather doesn't meet minimum visual requirements. Minimum VFR is 1000' ceiling with 3 miles visibility. Weather at Van Nuys was reported 1100' ceiling with 2 1/2 miles visibility. Keep in mind that ceilings are reported as altitude above the ground (AGL) while pilots report their altitude above sea level (MSL). Van Nuys field elevation in 800' MSL. The ceiling was reported at 1100' AGL, which is 1900' MSL, so if the pilot was flying at 1400' MSL he was some 500' below the ceiling. If you follow the flight path (and listen to the comms) the pilot flew along I5, orbited for a time east of Van Nuys while waiting for IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) traffic inbound to Van Nuys to land. Once all the traffic was cleared the controller handed the pilot over to Van Nuys tower. The pilot intended to fly north of Van Nuys, following the Hwy 118, then once west of Van Nuys he would turn south and pick up the 101 (Ventura Freeway) and follow it west through the canyon. Apparently he never made it to the 101 . It appears he made it to the 101, started through the canyon, and while in the canyon initiated a steep climbing turn to the left. The blip on the screen includes the aircraft's transponder data. The numbers on top are the FAA ID (N72EX), which the pilot uses as his call sign for radio comms. The numbers underneath show the aircraft's altitude and airspeed (add a zero to each number). At around 1:00, the aircraft is holding east of Van Nuys at around 1000' (which is just a couple of hundred feet in the air) but only flying 40-50 knots (around 50-60 mph). This is when he was waiting for traffic to clear. As soon as he was handed off to Van Nuys tower he accelerates to 130 knots. You can see the aircraft fly northwest, and climb to 1300' before turning west--presumably following Hwy 118--before calling Van Nuys tower. Note that the tower controller directed the pilot to tell her when he was either: a) in VFR conditions, or b) clear of her airspace. When on a SVFR clearance the controller is responsible to ensure separation between aircraft. The pilot is ALSO responsible, but the controller treats a SVFR aircraft like IFR traffic. At 3:35 the pilot asks the controller if he can turn southwest. He wants to turn that direction so he can find the Ventura Freeway, the road he will follow west through the canyon. The controller asks the pilot if he is in VFR conditions. The pilot says yes. Remember, reported weather at Van Nuys is NOT VFR, but the pilot now says he is in VFR conditions. His altitude at this point is 1700' and he's still traveling 130 knots. The pilot turns southwest to search for the Ventura Freeway. As the aircraft travels southwest it descends to 1400' and picks up speed to 140 knots. During this time the pilot is trying to get flight following radar service from SOCAL approach. Flight following is a service radar facilities provide to VFR aircraft when they aren't too busy handling IFR traffic. The controller incorporates VFR aircraft participating in flight following into the traffic flow, and warns the pilot of flight hazards (other traffic, airspace, terrain, etc.). You can hear the controller talking, but not N72EX, because the aircraft is too low for the receiver that was picking up these transmissions. The controller is telling the pilot he is flying too low to participate in flight following. The controller has a minimum vectoring altitude for each area under his control. This is the altitude below which his radar cannot maintain positive observation of aircraft. At 4:20, just seconds before radar contact is lost for good, N72EX begins a steep climb. The last reported altitude was 2100', 700' higher than the 1400' he was cruising at. Airspeed was still 120 knots. We don't know why the pilot climbed, but if you are flying in an area with high terrain and you accidentally fly into a cloud the first thing you should do is immediately climb and turn away from where you believe the high terrain is. The last few seconds of this recording does not jibe with this witnesses account, that the aircraft was flying very slowly. The last reported speed was 120 knots. If the aircraft was flying as slowly as this witness reports it would not have disintegrated on impact like it did. That looks a lot more like I would expect a 120 knot impact. EDIT: The data at this site comes from the aircraft's on-board ADS-B transmitter. You can see at the end the aircraft begins a steep climbing turn to the left while part way through the canyon the Ventura Freeway runs through. My guess is the pilot accidentally lost visual contact with the ground and tried to climb out of danger. Pilots learn (or should learn) early in training about the danger of mountain obscuration, where low clouds envelope high terrain. Attempting to fly through a canyon under such conditions can lead to a situation where the pilot is forced to climb into the clouds to avoid rising terrain.
The flying very slowly part can be just be their distance in relation to the helicopter. An airplane several miles above your head traveling several hundred mph might not look like it's going very fast. Might be the same effect with the helicopter.
According to radar data, the aircraft was never more than 1000' above the ground. That's pretty close, especially for an aircraft that makes as much noise as a helicopter. My guess is a combination of clouds, surrounding terrain, and a tight climbing turn for the aircraft created reflections and echoes that made accurate auditory observation difficult.
I hope your comment gains more visibility. This was an incredibly detailed post, thank you.
You are confusing AGL and MSL altitudes. AGL is above ground level. MSL is mean sea level. ATC communications regarding altitude are in MSL. The exact details will come out in the NTSB report but either the pilot was not maintaining altitude, had the altimeter set incorrectly, or simply became disoriented in instrument conditions.
simply became disoriented in instrument conditions. Flying into IFR conditions when you are VFR is one of the deadliest things you can do in an aircraft.
No, as a helicopter pilot I can explain this. The aircraft was flying VFR, which means not on instruments. Helicopters are allowed to fly during daylight in the type of airspace he was operating in from John Wayne to the crash site in 1/2 mile visibility and clear of clouds. This is predicated on the pilot determining he is in fact flying in at least 1/2 mile visibility and clear of clouds. This is not easily done, because it can be difficult to tell whether your projected flight path will keep you out of the clouds and clouds are a kind of fuzzy looking beast in front of you, or hopefully above you, and it can be very difficult to assure you aren’t going to fly into a cloud or an area of reduced visibility up ahead. This is why you shouldn’t play with fire; just land, at an airport preferably or street, park, etc. The altitude read outs you see on these radar tracks are what the transponder reports which is Pressure Altitude, the height above the 29.92” Hg standard datum plane. This is essentially above sea level under yesterday’s conditions. So, if the altitude readout says 1,400’ you could actually be on the ground if the elevation where you are is 1,400’. What would be great is an Above Ground Level (AGL) readout, which can be determined by comparing the flight path with topographical maps. I am a pilot who flies in Los Angeles and knows SoCal very well. I know the elevations throughout most of SoCal. This pilot was flying as low as 150’ at numerous times throughout this flight. This was done to “scud run” and get through to his destination. This is unacceptable and a very dangerous practice. He had multiple chances to end the flight by landing, somewhere. He kept pushing through, into rising terrain westbound towards Calabasas. If you have bad visibility and ceilings in the San Fernando Valley you are definitely going to have a much worse time in higher terrain. It appears he flew into the clouds/fog shortly after. After realizing he was Inadvertent-Instrument Meteorological Conditions (I-IMC, or “cant see because he’s in a cloud”) he did the right thing by focusing on instruments instead, since he has no visual reference with the ground anymore. He actually began to do the right thing by climbing and starting a 180 degree turn. However, most helicopter pilots are not good at flying on instruments since we basically never do it after receiving the rating for the ability. There is a whole conversation of reasons why that is the case but is outside the scope of this comment. So the pilot likely developed Spatial Disorientation and lost control of the helicopter, which is indicated by the rapid descent in the last seconds of the flight. As a helicopter pilot this absolutely enrages me. How someone could flout company policy, standard procedures, regulations and exhibit no shred of professionalism to keep everyone onboard safe is beyond me. He could have just landed at Van Nuys and they could get a car service the rest of the way. I have done this a BUNCH of times, is a little disappointing when you can’t make it to the destination but this was some of the worst conditions we’ve seen in a long while and in the end: what are you doing risking people’s lives to please them? Just. Fucking. Land. Edit: Wow! Thanks for the gold!! Edit 2: I want to make clear in my post (as I have in responses to comments elsewhere) that this is my opinion only. My opinion based off of publicly available data, knowledge from having worked in the industry for 15 years, knowledge of the aircraft, having flown the specific type of aircraft, knowledge of the regulations regarding Part 91, Part 135, and VFR and IFR regulations, local knowledge being a pilot here, and being well-aware of the leading causes of accidents in the helicopter industry. I too am a Certified Flight Instructor and Instrument-Instructor in Helicopters. However, until the NTSB concludes their investigation and finds a cause for this accident then my opinion is only my opinion and not fact. I sincerely, and with all my heart, hope that the NTSB finds a mechanical irregularity led to this accident. Helicopter pilots are a very tight community and we are all brothers. I hope Zobayan is flying his favorite heli right now wherever he is.
It’s insane to me. I fly for work all the time and we would never attempt to fly in such conditions. We don’t even fly with less than 7000’ ceiling because we go to mountain top sites that are around 5000’ and don’t ever want to fly in the fog/clouds. Our pilots and our company both refuse.
Yea, that’s a bit excessive but yes it is the job of pilots to refuse a flight or turn around and land when in such bad conditions. Just because it’s legal doesn’t mean it’s safe, you can just end up legally dead. But being a Part 135 operation, which necessitates 300’ AGL minimum over congested areas, this pilot wasn’t even flying legal at times.
Lot of people died with the right of way; lot of pilots died in technically legal situations.
My driving instructor told me the biggest insurer in my country has a large picture of a gravestone in the lobby of their headquarters that reads "But I was right!"
I knew someone who ran out infront of a car on a crosswalk. We told her that was dumb to do and her reply was, "if they hit me they'll get a ticket." Thats when we all stopped inviting her places.
My Paternal Grandmother died whilst crossing the road, using a zebra crossing. I never knew her, this was shortly before my parents got married. All through my childhood I was told, "Look both ways before crossing the road, even on a zebra crossing!"
Maybe yall should rekindle that relationship and look at life insurance
My dad always told me to be on the proper side of "right vs. dead right".
huh, that's a brutal reality check
I tell the same thing to my wife all the time when she doesn't drive defensively. Sure honey, you had the right of way and they should have yielded, but at best you're right with a fender bender and now how to deal with insurance, a rental, and scheduling a repair, at worst, family will be making arrangements.
Do we know if this was a pilot hired by Kobe that always flew him? Or was it a random draw? I just wonder what the dynamic was there and why he didn’t feel like he should land it. Did he feel pressured? Was it just an ego thing? We’ll never know, probably. The whole thing is terribly sad.
I used to work at KLGB where the charter helicopter was based and knew the crew. Kobe always flew in 72EX, always with the same pilot
I’m sorry you lost a former colleague, and possibly a friend.
Family friend used to fly helicopters for a living. He's in his sixties now. He said to me once "there are old pilots and bold pilots, but no old bold pilots."
I do not fly for work, but when I've taken lessons we had a minimum 3000' ceiling and I think 3SM visibility at the school. That's in the flat as can be midwest. Can't imagine trying to scud run around the hills in California where any one turn could take you into a foggy dead end surrounded by terrain and cloud. At the very least, I'd slow the hell down and not be blasting through at over 100kts if that was an option. Doesn't leave you a lot of "oh fuck" time when you do make a wrong turn.
Spatial disorientation is weird as fuck in a helicopter. Ran into it in a sudden duststorm in Iraq in mid 06 on a CH-53 doing a medevac. Shit was nuts. We emerged out of the dust cloud at fucking screaming speed and climbing quickly, but tbh it felt like we were barely moving inside the cloud.
Could you elaborate more on how the spatial disorientation led to him losing control of the helicopter? Was the maneuver to aggressive or do you think he ran out of room?
No, it’s just very difficult to control a helicopter, or any aircraft for that matter, solely in reference to instruments. You must train and practice and remain proficient. In fact even if a pilot is Instrument Rated, the FAA requires a pilot have maintained a specific amount of proficiency within the past 6 months. If a pilot doesn’t remain proficient his rating is basically invalid and he must become current while practicing in VFR conditions only; after another 6 months of still not current it’s basically an invalid rating. So it’s difficult and you must remain current. Not-to-mention, most helicopters aren’t even certified for IFR flight, and certainly not one you would train and receive the rating in. When you do you are flying with an instructor but you are wearing foggy glasses to obscure your outside view. This means most helicopter pilots have never actually flown in clouds, even if they have the rating for it. Flying in actual clouds is very different because there are all sorts of visual illusions you will get, including vestibular illusions. You will feel as if your falling backwards, turning to the opposite side of where you are actually turning, feel as if you’re pitching up when you accelerate or the opposite when you slow. So, if a pilot pops into a cloud and doesn’t have a strong set of instrument skills and no experience actually flying in clouds then he may very likely become spatially disoriented and if he doesn’t absolutely ignore everything his body is telling him and JUST focus and trust the instruments, then he will lose control.
vestibular illusions This and what you described reminds me of diving in murky water. You start seeing edges and corners/shapes where there are none. Like your eyes are trying to create them. You also feel dizzy/drunk without reference point so you have to focus on individual silt grains close to your face as you move. Similar at all or?
Brain starts struggling to form a frame of reference when a stressful situation forces it to call for one. Starts grasping at visual/sensual straws.
Even under no stress you will get them. You just ignore them in my experience diving.
That's true. Stand in front of a mirror in a dark room and your brain will start conjuring up all sorts of things.
There's a famous lighting artist named James Turrell and about half of his work deals with deliberately inducing these kinds of illusions in the viewer. He's been sued (unsuccessfully) a number of times when people have become disoriented and straight-up fallen over in one of his exhibitions even though they're standing still and nothing is moving around them. One got confused and leaned on what she thought was a wall or podium but was actually a shadow ten feet away. When you have absolutely nothing to use as a visual reference, you can get profoundly disoriented.
Yes it seems similar. The vestibular system is partly responsible for telling your body what orientation it is in. There are numerous illusions that can result from misleading inputs or lack of visual reference.
I've had it happen driving in really thick fog without any cars around. You have to keep checking your speedometer before turns because you feel like you're not moving even at 45mph.
I was once driving in insane fog and came upon a roundabout. I had to take the third exit, but I got so disorientated going in a circle in poor visibility that I took the fourth exit and basically came back to where I'd started. I took that exit twice more before I realized if I can't figure out the exit, I should probably stop driving. Parked in a random parking lot and went to work an hour late.
I fly planes, but yes, similar. That's why when we are flying IFR in IMC we usually only look inside to our instruments, not outside to avoid these experiences. The times I flew like this, the experience is very weird, you have to let yourself go, like a leap of faith and trust your instruments, trust they are correct, and ignore your spacial orientation outside trying to mislead you. That's something you have to be prepared and confident. Because otherwise you have 178 seconds to live. https://youtu.be/b7t4IR-3mSo
This reminds me when you're in a stationary automatic car wash in park and the car wash starts moving back and forth and it feels like you're moving still.
One of the most compelling simulator experiences I ever had was during simulated IMC. My instructor told me to maintain aircraft control, but re-route to the nearest airport as if this is an emergency and we need to get down now. After about 15 seconds of looking at charts, I didn't even realize I was 40* nose down and had already lost 5000'. It was a real wake up. The guy in the seat next to you can find the new airport. My eyes don't leave the dash.
I know what you’re saying but I’m sure you meant 500’? Otherwise that’s a 20,000 ft/min decent rate...
It was probably longer than 15 seconds I looked away, but it felt like it.
Straight down, full throttle! Haha
A while ago I was riding in the back of an Army truck with the tarp all the way closed, so nearly pitch black and zero visual cues about what was going on outside the truck. I discovered that I could easily reorient myself so that any direction was “forward”. It was an abject lesson on the dangers of trusting ones senses.
Thats a great example!
I'm not a pilot, so the only way I can relate to this is losing orientation in the water, not knowing which way is up or down. That would be absolutely terrifying to have happen when flying a helicopter...
It's like if you were in your car doing 150 mph down the 101 freeway with the windows covered and you only had your gauges and google maps to keep you on the road. Which is terrifyingly similar to the situation this helicopter was in.
This is really what made it click for me. Fucking yikes.
"he may very likely become spatially disoriented and if he doesn’t absolutely ignore everything his body is telling him and JUST focus and trust the instruments, then he will lose control." Chills!! I got motion sickness reading this.
Is there any type of autopilot that could have been activated?
Yes, but the autopilots on the S76 are pretty old and expensive to maintain. A lot of them eventually get an INOP sticker on them and no longer are attempted to be fixed by the company due to cost and complexity.
Exactly! IF the aircraft was maintained as IFR then the autopilot would need to be operative in order to fly IFR/IMC.
Is there a typical way the crash occurs in IFR? Are you descending on a gradual downward bank that you can't feel? Or is there a particular instrument pilots tend to misread that causes them to drive the helicopter toward the ground or maybe stall out? Or just a hundred possibilities that we will never be able to guess at?
90% of visual flight training is “stop looking inside the cockpit. Look outside!” And you get a feel for what things look like. But you’re totally dependent on outside reference. Having visual reference is required for your sense of balance to work. Without a source to update your sense of balance, it gives you wrong information. So most of your flight experience is using your sense of balance. You do some training without it, but unless you fly in cloudy weather regularly, you don’t maintain that skill. Then you get into the situation where the skill you use normally, every day, and trust is directly lying to you., while you’re trying to use a skill that you maybe got training on for a few hours in the past year, if you’re lucky.
Very well said.
There is no hard fast rule to how spatial disorientation accidents end up. It can be by continuing to roll into a turn until you're sideways, entering a dive by pushing too far forward, or bleeding off airspeed until you are falling out of the sky. This case may be a controlled flight into terrain (CFIT) and the pilot may have actually been in control of the aircraft but didn't know that he was flying directly into the side of a mountain.
In fixed wing, low altitude stalls are one of the most common. Scenario: You're in a Cessna 172 at 3000' and you hit I-IMC. You descend to 2000' trying to find the cloud ceiling. You can't find the bottom. You start a 180 degree to turn to get out. In the process of the turn, spatial disorientation hits and your airspeed drops. The aircraft stalls while in a bank and you only have 2000' to recover. Recovering this spin stall at 2000' would be hard in VFR. In IMC, no way. There's a reason many I-IMC accidents just look like loss of control. Perfectly running aircraft just falling out of the skies.
JFK Jr is a good example. VFR pilot flew (knowingly) into IMC, once out of sight of the coastline, disorientation.
Thank you for the great and detailed explanations!
I know that’s a thing, but you would think everyone would have “keep your eyes glued to the altitude and the artificial horizon” drilled into them over and over.
The artificial horizon may have been inoperative, as can be allowed in a VFR only aircraft.
.... that's insane. IMC can pop up quickly on VFR aircraft.
I imagine it could be a bit of this. Although this one is talking about an airplane, I imagine it could be similar... https://youtu.be/b7t4IR-3mSo This is a great teaching tool that I found really nailed the point home when I was doing some training in a Cessna.
Well that was terrifying
I’m also a helicopter pilot and aviation safety officer (who’s job it is to perform mishap evaluations) I concur with your analysis. The leans are no joke.
Thanks! Yea the leans are no fun, or any of the other illusions.
I wonder if Kobe being such a high profile passenger made him feel pressured to get him to his destination?
Per this article in the LA times, the helicopter pilot was Kobe's private pilot. (Kobe was well known to utilize helicopter travel. For instance, when he played on the Lakers he'd fly to the arena for practices and games.) The pilot and Kobe, presumably, go back. You'd hope that if they indeed had a long, professional relationship that there wouldn't be the power dynamic/issues. You'd think that Kobe would trust the pilot and if the pilot were to tell him they were landing, Kobe wouldn't throw a fit.
The problem, which we will never know, is maybe they'd done these scud runs a million times before with no issues. It doesn't matter if you've done it a million times safely if the one time you don't kills you. Cause you don't know when that killer one will be.
If Kobe flew as much as it sounds he did he was probably skud running all the time especially in smoggy la
You'd think that Kobe would trust the pilot and if the pilot were to tell him they were landing, Kobe wouldn't throw a fit. I don't think it has anything to do with pressure from Kobe. A professional pilot flying people he doesn't know will make whatever call makes him feel most comfortable. But if you're a privately paid, hotshot pilot, friend of your passenger, aware of his schedule and the needs of the day, the internal pressure to rise above circumstance and accept additional risk to pull off the job is going to be greater, IMO.
Considering they had their kids with them, I suspect they would have been very understanding if the pilot suggested landing. I guess we'll never know though.
You'd hope that if they indeed had a long, professional relationship that there wouldn't be the power dynamic/issues. I can almost certainly assure you that this is not the case. After a brief stint working as a concierge where we catered to some of the most powerful and famous people in the world, I cannot tell you how many times safety corners are cut because the big man in charge wants something done Right Now and there isnt time to follow procedure. I myself have been tasked with going to higher ups in other companies to beg for them to relax procedure-- you always tell yourself you wont do it, but when your boss is yelling at you, the guest is yelling at you, and you need that job in order to pay your bills, eventually most people break. I wasnt in it long enough to get jaded-- I always got nervous, tried to push back, etc. But the veterans just accepted it as a matter of course. The saddest part is that the pilot is now going to get all the blame for cutting corners, which he did, but no one will acknowledge that there was probably quite a lot of abuse and fear in that relationship as well. This is what happens when you have someone with massive power over an employee who is free to make unreasonable demands with no reprecussions-- eventually someone gets hurt.
That's sad to hear. I was always told that when you're on a boat or an aircraft, the captain is like God - he is the one in charge and his decisions are not to be questioned. Don't know where I picked that up from exactly, but I can't imagine bossing around the captain of a boat or aircraft, it would just go counter to how I was raised.
Thats because you're not one of the insanely rich and famous. Money changes people and makes them douchebags while also giving them immense power over the people in their lives.
Quite possibly yes. You just want to get your passengers to their destination and it can be disappointing when you can’t do that. But not disappointing enough to risk their lives, and your own.
I once worked on a project for the AFRL (Air Force Research Lab). It consisted of testing some experimental equipment on a helicopter. The testing was done in the Mojave desert. After the test was finished, we headed back to LA. The weather was worse than predicted and when the pilot saw what was ahead, he immediately turned around and went back to the desert airport. There wasn't any question. He simply said "It's not safe to fly into that". And yes, he was a VERY experienced pilot
Sounds like a great pilot who executed sound decision making. Experience is not needed to do so, in fact an old adage is: The superior pilot uses his superior decision making abilities to prevent using his superior skills.
I imagine its a lot like riding motorcycles, where when you start out you are very cautious and risk adverse but by year three you're lane splitting down the center line of Topanga Canyon Rd in a tshirt with someone on the back. Little incremental increases in your comfort zone until you are full on casually flaunting every safety rule in the book because accidents happen to noobs who bought a litre bike or full on squids but not you and certainly not today.
Jeez lay off bro why are you attacking me personally like this?
I'm also a helicopter pilot, this right here is the truth and exactly how I've explained the scenario to other people.
As a helicopter pilot on the east coast, I was looking for this comment before posting something along the same lines but without the local knowledge. You absolutely know that the pilots perception of the pressure to get his VIP passengers to their destination on time played an enormous factor in this. As soon as I saw the crash site I assumed it would be a CFIT and it is looking like that will be the case. Absolutely terrible and if that is the case the pilot is 100% to blame.
The ol' 'Get there-itis'. We had a light aircraft go down near me here in Australia a few months ago, a father and son - because they were trying to scud run through a valley...as on the other side of the mountain was controlled airspace and they didnt want to have to go through it. Ended up in the side of the mountain. I fly light sport aircraft, and with that only VFR - I did a little bit of scud running with my very experienced instructor once to avoid some smoke in our bushfires here recently, but that was after having to change course on a navigation excercise, and it wasn't a super low ceiling but even then it was freaky knowing you couldn't go higher (horizontal visibility was 10+ though). All in all, pilots get over-confident I suppose, and think nothing can take them down when they have instruments and ATC.
As a helicopter aircrewman it’s so happy to be reminded that front seaters like you exist. We have a bit of a running mantra in my workplace, if there’s doubt, there’s no doubt, seems like in this case as you rightly said he should have put it on the deck early and safely.
I’m actually working in this specific area right now and the terrain is wild. On top of that it was the foggiest day I’ve ever seen in my 7 years in LA. Sucks it seems it should have been avoided.
Wow. Just watching them disappear off the radar gives me chills.
Yeah, just moments after flight control says 'you're too low level for flight following at this time'.
Being too low for flight following is a limitation of radar in mountainous terrain. This is not uncommon for helicopters or even small general aviation aircraft. It does not mean the air traffic controller is warning the pilot about his proximity to terrain.
That's not that unusual though. I'm at new York and it's a normal thing. He means his radios cannot reach him at thay altitude in his area. Frequcencies are based off certain locations. Going further away at a low altitude means they sometimes don't work
1400 feet above mean sea level (AMSL) most likely. Actual altitude above ground level (AGL) will vary with terrain. ATC uses MSL, enroute weather is broadcast based on MSL, pilots have to take into account AGL when flying under visual flight rules. Also, the weather conditions at the time were ilegal for VFR flying. Which is why he was under Special VFR, which allows for reduced visibility minimums. A simple instrument flight plan under instrument flight rules would have prevented all this. I don’t know why it wasn’t used.
At the point in time when they crashed they were following the 101 and it appears from the map that it veers slightly southbound prior to continuing westbound. That is where it crashed but what's odd is that the witness stated that he then turned in an eastbound direction.
When you are living in LA the roads can get disorienting. They were following the 101 North--so if the helicopter turned at a perpendicular angle to the 101 North some people could consider it "east" despite it being in a southerly direction. *and as an east coast transplant, the ocean was also disorienting while living in LA. For a number of years I had to continually spin my mental map--the ocean is supposed to be to the east, not the west! And in Malibu/Calabasas where the crash took place it can be even more disorienting, as the ocean is to the south...
Yes he can. But climbing up means he has to talk to ATC, tell them he messed up, get redirected to an airport, interrupt some very busy airspace, and then deal with a lot of questions. That is a big slice of humble pie to some people. What makes it even harder is his destination was RIGHT THERE, he just had s little fog in the way. The hazardous attitudes that lead exactly to this kind of situation are well known, but difficult to overcome.
My worthless opinion is that it'd be surprising if the pilot straight up lied about being VFR. There's a lot of emphasis, especially for professional pilots, on being straight about this kind of thing. You'll get a very uncomfortable phone call, but flying VFR into IMC is a top cause of crashes so it's kinda stressed that it's worth fessing up!
But the reason it’s stressed is because it happens. I would not be surprised if that was the case here. I think the pilot knew he shouldn’t be VFR when he requested flight following. This may be a case of get-me-thereitis. Although mechanical failure is definitely an option.
Also maybe didn’t want his boss who was inside the aircraft know he made a mistake. Wild speculation though.
My money is on overconfidence. Have you met a pilot? :-/
They had a S-VFR clearance to fly. So while everyone else was flying by the instruments, they chose to fly visually. I have no idea why they were given that clearance because the visibility, even at 2500 feet, was just over 2 miles. That is horrible conditions for flying, especially in a helicopter. They ended up having to fly way under that ceiling because the airspace they went into required them to be under roughly 24-2500 feet. They ended up flying at 1400 feet or so and with the heavy fog, their visibility went completely out the window. So they were flying low and slow, and just like this man said, they flew straight into the side of the hill and didn’t even see it coming. Just overall horrible flying conditions and confusion led to this awful accident.
SVFR visibility minimums are lower for helicopters, "CFR Part 91 does not prohibit helicopter SVFR flight when the visibility is less than 1 mile" I regularly use SVFRs to get out of airport environments, that being said I saw the weather in LA that morning and would NEVER have taken of visually in those conditions.
SVFR to take off is one thing, SVFR to land is totally different. Plus knowing there is hills/mountians near by.
I’m an air traffic controller. The SVFR clearances were for the Burbank and Van Nuys surface areas only. They rely on the tower for separation in those scenarios. Once he left Van Nuys Class D he has to follow the CFR 91 flying rules and maintain VFR conditions. He’s not allowed to fly through clouds/fog like that without ATC flight following. He should not have been down at that altitude in those conditions. SOCAL didn’t want to talk to him down there because it’s a completely unsafe condition and he’s likely about 1000 ft below their MVA for that area, but I would have to check the charts. They would have needed him to climb on his own to even provide radar services. The bottom line is that the pilot should not have been flying out there in those conditions. It was likely illegal, but ultimately unsafe regardless.
SFVR minimums are usually lower for a helicopter, as we can fly slower. Obviously they should have used those SVFR rules to fucking land and wait it out, or better yet just turned around and gone home.
This does indeed sound like pilot-error/fatigue. I am not an investigator, this is just a guess based on conditions and ATC coms. He was requesting special vfr which means that conditions are not VFR (visual flight rules) but exceptions can be made in the vicinity of the airfield. I dont know if he was instrument certified, don't know how that works on a helicopter, i can only speak to single engine piston fixed wing. But he was flying VFR in IMC (instrument meteorological conditions) conditions. METAR said OVC011 (overcast 1100 feet) and he was reporting 1400 feet. Being in IMC is very taxing if you are not used to it and he was in a 15 minute holding pattern. Being in a holding pattern without a visual horizon can mess up your balance due to your inner ear getting used to turning in a certain direction. So when you straighten out it feels like you are turning. If you are not trained for instrument flight or fatigued enough there is a chance of entering a so called graveyard spiral. A gradual undetectable (except with instruments) descending turn with subsequent flight into terrain. This is what it sounds like might have happened.
Helicopters don’t hover without pilot input. Take away a pilots sight and it doesn’t take long for the helicopter to start randomly wandering REALLY badly. You don’t feel velocity, just acceleration, so once you start wandering its harder and harder to correct. Even top notch military pilots would have a hard time staying in one place by feel without sight for more than 30 seconds. If the pilot was a normal pilot that used his eyes far more than his instruments, thick fog and thick clouds are both dangerous as fuck.
Three C's Climb Confess Communicate Most helicopter pilots are not used to flying in instrument meteorological conditions, though they may be technically rated to do so. Their requirements to fly in visual conditions are essentially a half mile of visibility and not hit clouds. Flying in clouds can be incredibly disorienting and when you fly into them inadvertently, you are not receiving any of the built-in margins for obstacle clearance provided by air traffic controllers or instrument routing or approach procedures. It is possible they were requesting help but were too low to communicate with ATC, who would have certainly climbed them to the minimum safe altitude as standard procedure.
As a helicopter pilot myself, getting into clouds like that can be extremely disorienting, even to the point where you may not even know what orientation you're currently sitting at. I don't want to speculate too much, because until the results of the full investigation come out, we won't know exactly what happened. But I expect pilot disorientation to be a significant contributing factor.
This makes sense when you watch this video, then listen to the radio traffic between the pilot and control tower. Just flew straight into the mountain.
Where can I listen to that? Thanks for all the links. Chilling.
https://youtu.be/B0pQfgi9ZqU
^ SFW video by the way. Just communication between chopper and tower. No audio that could be distressing in a "Hit the water! Hit the water!" sort of way. Just the chopper blipping off the radar and the tower trying to contact.
Damn, I just listened to that audio, that poor woman. Jesus.
I remember when that happened. I was living in Ridgefield Park at the time and often walked pasted Spectrum Helicopters. Had often listened to Dornacker on the radio. In 1986, while working for WNBC 660 AM Radio in New York City (which became WFAN in 1988), Dornacker was aboard during two unrelated crashes of the helicopters leased to WNBC. She survived the first crash, but was killed in the second crash into the Hudson River, which occurred as she was delivering a live traffic report. Her death came shortly after that of her husband, Bob Knickerbocker, orphaning their 16-year-old daughter. The NTSB investigation determined the cause of the fatal crash to have been use of improper parts and poor maintenance on the part of Spectrum Helicopters of Ridgefield Park, New Jersey.
Oh man Right when Van Nuys Tower is handing him off he states an altitude change from 1400 to 1500. It might not mean anything, but my first thought is the pilot was struggling with VFR because of weather conditions and tried to climb a little to improve visibility. VNtower then hands him off, and they immediately lose comms with him because his altitude is too low. He was trying to improve the conditions but ended up dropping altitude instead
He was flying as low as 150’ AGL at numerous times between John Wayne and the crash site, un-fucking-believable. He was asking for an accident.
[deleted]
The S-76 is certified for IFR flight but that doesn’t mean this particular aircraft was maintained for IFR flight. Also, Island Express, as a Part 135 operator would have needed an IFR provision in their Ops Specs, which I do not think they do. Thus, the aircraft was basically just a VFR aircraft. This was Kobe’s normal ride because Island Express has his contract, although I’m confident they would use whatever pilots were available that day, not necessarily just one pilot.
That sudden loss of contact... heartbreaking
They're gonna be playing hard to get that shit tmrw lol
Hell yeah. To be the first recipient of it? Hope to see some hustle
LeBron about to turn up playoff mode in the ASG.
playoff mode: activated ...except with teammates this time
Someone needs to get that pic of Westbrook and Harden taking the ball from each other in 2k and add LeBron to the mix
I've never heard of this so thank you and here's the link for anybody that hasn't seen it. https://youtu.be/OHwm3SxY74Q
Russ’ face had me dead lmfao
LMFAO that was great
This isnt real?
disrespect Donyell Marshall again, see what happens
Kobe - "Pass me the fucking ball" LeBron - "Let me pass you the fucking ball"
A glimpse of Zero Dark Thirty. ??
Is that the wal mart brand Threat Level Midnight?
???
From Madonna, to Madeline Albright
Obligatory
Pass the ball, not attack, and look confused?
LeBron going for 81
Sedano was saying LeBron would set it up so AD can win it in Chi-town, which I agreed with, now he's taking it for himself
Bron Or Giannis. They aint letting Kobe down by taking it easy tomorrow
100% Freak gonna go sicko mode
Giannis basically said he picked the underdogs because he knew he was the most vicious, I’m selling my house tomorrow and putting all of it into Giannis winning that trophy /s (but not really)
r/wallstreetbets
Can’t go tits up!
Giannis went sicko mode last year and would have won the MVP had his team not chocked their huge lead in the 4th
Westbrook or Giannis, not sure who will get it though.
Westbrook is going to play out of his mind tomorrow.
Westbrook going for 24-8-2.
8-24 shooting. Real Mamba shit.
Westbrook won’t because he’s not a starter. I could see harden getting it
Harden doesn't care about the all star game I would be surprised if he got it
Yeah im pretty sure harden is always drunk or hung over at the ASG lol.
Probably still has glitter on his face from all those strippers' buttholes
He spends the previous 72 hours at strip clubs
u/AngryCentrist where you at? Is Chicago on the upper-tier of strip clubs? That will show how Harden will perform at the ASG
Harden has never put an ounce of effort into the ASG lol he prefers to just put in the bare minimum and get back to the season
Westbrook's won it before without starting. He had 41 that game and almost broke Wilt Chamberlain's record of 42 points
100% gonna be Giannis.
If his team wins.
It's gonna be Giannis, no doubt in my mind.
Can you win mvp on the losing team? Otherwise I would agree with you conpletely.
I'll say Trae
i hate when they do that shit where they let the player whose hometown is the city they're playing in go off and win it. hope that's not what happens.
If Davis goes off he could definitely win it on merit tho, but i doubt they just give it to him unless he does.
they've done that in the past though. they go out of their way to get the hometown person the ball. not saying they vote that way, the other players just step out of the way.
That shit is lame.
Will there be defence?
Not until the 4th quarter No one is going to "go hard" for the MVP tomorrow. They'll be playing at 60% until the end of the game, where they might go up to 90%. Absolutely no one is going "playoff mode" for the entire game.
That’s not Mamba mentality
I want to see them play like it’s game 7 of the finals. That’s what Kobe would want to see.
This would be unbelievable to watch. An all-star game where everyone is playing like it's all on the line. Imagine that shit.
that's how it used to be lol, more or less
Is this sarcasm? That's how they used to play All Star games. Watch the All Star games from the late 90s & early 2000s. The game used to be an honor & a privilege. Both sides actually wanted to win.
this is classic "oh you should have seen back in the day" type crap. You are acting like for 48 minutes, these teams were battling. The fourth quarter is when it got locked in. First three was very relaxed.
That’d be absolutely incredible. Literally the best game of basketball ever played.
Agreed, but it's also an exhibition game. It's a bit unfair to expect them to go all out in a meaningless game, especially with most of them fighting for playoff positioning.
Indeed. It’s unreasonable to expect true Mamba Mentality from anyone but Kobe himself.
Kobe didn’t play 100% in exhibition games either
Shut the hell up you goddamn you. No Kobe slander ever again! He was mamba 24/7 and also in exhibition games. /s
They used to play defense for pride reasons. Not wanting to get scored on by their rivals during the all star game. I’d like to see them start that again. We got glimpses of it last year.
Wouldn't true mamba mentality be not giving a fuck about an exhibition game that doesn't matter, you can't get realistic practice from, and is mostly just a publicity event? Is it win everything, regardless if it is unimportant, at any cost or win the title at any cost?
Depends on how close the score is
I was literally saying to someone at work they didn't need to make any change to the ASG format other than to renaming the MVP after him and you'd get the best ASG in years
There's a lot of people saying they won't, but with all the respect Kobe has, I'd be pretty surprised if they don't go all out tomorrow, I'm pretty excited to watch
LeBron better go for 60
No they won’t
No.
Luka/Book or Trae are winning it. Russ gonna go off too but I think they’ll play defense and force him to shoot jumpers instead of free dunks.
BIG W
A nice way to honor Kobe and make sure his name will always be relevant to the nba.
Kudos to Adam Silver for this Lebron playoff mode activated tomorrow to get the first Kobe Bryant trophy
I feel like Silver’s job is so easy. He plays us so well, gives us off-court things we want while adding on-court shit we hate.
Tbh that China thing was a nasty situation.
It was essentially a no win situation for him, he either follows his morals and costs his league and players millions, or he ruins the reputation of the league. Edit: to be clear, I am saying from the perspective of Adam silver it’s a no win situation. If he says no to China, his league loses millions in revenue and even more in potential profit. I’m not saying he was right to ignore morals and ethics, I’m just saying he can’t follow his morals without jeopardizing what’s more important to him which is money. And by doing that he messed up his leagues reputation of being “Woke” and “Socially conscious”.
No win situation Have morals Don't have morals Standing for what is right is hard. It has consequences, and costs. But that doesn't mean it should ever be considered a loss. Standing up for the oppressed is always a win, and anything you lose in the process should be worth it. Unfortunately, people don't really think that way much anymore. Edit: Ok, this has gotten a couple of golds now, so I just want to say to anyone else thinking of gilding it: please don't. On a post about how morally and ethically repugnant China is, giving money to this site when it's backed by a number of Chinese investment companies (Tencent notably) strikes me as wrong. If you really are desperate to throw 5 bucks away, please just consider donating it to a charity of your choice. Or, there are still a number of Honk Kong crowdfuning operations going on to help support those who have been injured during the protests, or their families if they have been killed. Or, just be a good person. Speak up when you see injustice. We could all stand to be better people who take more action in our day-to-day lives.
What sucks is the nba is a business, even if he wanted to say no to China all of his financial backers, partners and nba players would protest him for costing them millions.
Very true, lots of nuanced implications for everyone involved.
lots of nuanced implications cash considerations
It's an American business. At least some of its values should be informed by the values of the American people. Things like freedom, liberty, justice... To just exclaim "Well, it's a business" doesn't absolve the businessman of moral responsibility. This bestial capitalism where every mean is justified by the bottom line end is something we can reject. We aren't slave to capital, and neither are the billionaires owning the NBA. They have a choice.
CEOs have a legal (and moral) fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders/investors... This is not nearly as simple as you're making it out to be.
Well, we sort of are slaves to capital.
Seriously. Asking him to make a stand against China is asking him to give up his job, in all honesty.
You're absolutely right, they would have. He put his job security and the wallets of others (and by extension his own wallet), before ethics. That may be understandable. It doesn't make it right, however, nor does it make it excusable. There's a large difference.
I agree, that’s why I find it funny when people still call the nba and it’s players woke, when we all know that money is the be-all end-all for them.
This is the hardest thing to understand. If we stop fighting, if we just let it continue are we better for it? The answer is no, if you lose right now it happens. The hardest thing is losing yourself.
Even if he believed that, there is no way any of his investors and partners would allow it. Heck, we saw Lebron Mr Woke himself bend over backwards to not lose the China money.
I get it man, I do. It's hard loose money, it's hard to justify losing revenue. I am just saying, sometimes the hardest choice is living with the choices you don't make. Maybe, I am fortunate I can say this and not have to worry about Chinese Yuan. It is a struggle to do the right thing. Have I failed before, yes. Do I try to be better, it's all I can do. I don't know what I would do in his situation. I would like to think I could take that stand. Job and money be damned, I just think the hardest thing to recover from is loss of self. It may get to the point, where he may regret that decision. He may not even give it a second thought.
He wouldn't just be losing money for himself though that's the thing. If it was possible for him to bear the full burden of standing up to China I'm sure he would, but the NBA is massive and pissing China off hurts all the way down the line. That's what makes it a no win situation. I agree with everything else you said though.
Ya but his job is literally to represent the owners and players. The players especially are not politicians and they don’t deserve to have their earning power revoked because of global politics. I don’t fault silver at all for not wanting the NBA to be a martyr when your average US citizen has no issues doing business with China on a daily basis.
Maybe he feels as though he can do more good from his position rather than getting immediately fired if he handles that situation any other way because that is exactly what would have happened. Not saying I agree with it, but his "support" i.e. speaking out against China isn't going to do anything to help them but Silver can try and help more and more with global outreach as commissioner of the NBA and all the other charitable stuff they do each year.
I don't like using cliches but "the road to hell is paved with good intentions" is extremely relevant here.
Exactly, China was the first time he had any true hard choice to make. It was all cupcakes until then. Ban the super racist owner after audio evidence shows up? It was the right thing to do, but it also had 99% approval rating. Standing up to China and potentially losing millions is something that makes the principled stand also come with a cost. That's when you're tested. That's when both he and even more so, Lebron, have failed.
I said this in another response, but Silver himself did in fact defend Morey. He issued one of those "we apologize that you were so offended" non-apologies, and he very firmly defended Morey's right to free speech -- "The values of the NBA, these American values, we are an American business, travel with us wherever we go, and one of those values is free expression." -- I think he made this statement when all the players were out of China. IIRC China did ask Silver to fire Morey, which he obviously didn't (and it's not like he's above firing an individual GM, look at the whole Hinkie situation). The Rockets are still censored in China, I believe CCTV isn't broadcasting NBA anymore, and the league did in fact lose out on hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue, and could stand to lose billions if Tenecent pulls out of that extension.
He played that situation right. Lebron lost a lot of my respect with his comments. Thought he was more than an athlete? Only when it’s convenient it seems
Yeah I'm pretty disappointed in a lot of NBA players, staff, and personalities. Especially on my team. I thought guys like Curry, Kerr, and Pop were supposed to be more than a player, more than a coach. But when it might have negatively affected their bottom line they shut up. People used to say players like Lebron could be the Kareems or Bill Russells of their generation, but now it's just insulting to compare them in any way. These guys stood up for what was right, put their careers and selves in harms way and in exchange got treated like shit by half the people in the cities they played for. Meanwhile if Lebron says something he might lose some pocket change from his hundreds of millions of dollar net worth and not only does he not say shit and doesn't defend his colleague, he actively attacks him and instead defends the shitty regime harassing him.
Yup, exactly. Shits so sad. Muhammad Ali was the last great willing to stand up for his beliefs
A thank you from Hong Kong, I wish you the very best?
Plus the average person says they care . But don't. We are all on Reddit, who is owned by ten cent and backs the china censorship thing. We don't quit Reddit.
yeah, i bet everyone on reddit who has been going on for it is doing nothing besides complaining on reddit about it
Not that I've been living under a rock, but can someone explain the China thing?
To be honest, it wasn't really as bad as people are saying. NBA's first response was basically a "sorry you were offended" non-apology apology. "We recognize that the views expressed by Houston Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey have deeply offended many of our friends and fans in China, which is regrettable." Most of the criticism came from taking the word "regrettable" out of context, thinking that they said the tweet was regrettable, not what it actually says - that it was regrettable that people were offended. They did distance themselves from the Rocket's GM, but they did not throw him under bus either. This response was made while the NBA teams were still in China, so it's not like they could've or should've done anything more. There was some controversy about the statement in Chinese being a lot more conciliatory to Beijing than the English one, but once the teams left China, the NBA made clear that their English statement was the official one. Then Adam Silver gave a pretty forceful defense of free speech and that the NBA would not be infringing on anyone's rights, even at the cost of millions of Chinese dollars. "The values of the NBA, these American values, we are an American business, travel with us wherever we go, and one of those values is free expression."
Fuck him for the entire Hinkie situation. And to be honest every good thing he's done in his tenure has been obvious. Not to mention people ignore all his horrible decisions: the draft lottery reform, jersey ads, supermax failure, has not even looked into the bad reffing league wide (sides with refs and penalizes players for uttering a word criticizing them), the NBA awards timeline alteration making no sense. Honestly I think he's pretty shitty commissioner.
The shitty part is him doing the obvious shit MAKES him a good commissioner. Cus none of the other big 4 do the obvious shit. And none of his predecessors either. To go down as a overall positive commissioner all he has to do is the easy and obvious shit.
Stern was a dick but he made a hell of a lot of right decision to make the league what it is today. You realize that when he came to office the NBA barely had nationally televised games, owners were selling teams at bargain prices and the league was known more for its drug problems, like players doing cocaine, than the actual product?
sounds like they were known for the product if you know what I mean.
Fuckin stern man
TIL
Nah, eventually that will crack. I'd say we're in the early stages of it cracking. Ratings are slowly ticking down, down 15% actually. The player resting will also catch up to the NBA. There also are more & more frequent injuries. Higher pace has the consequences of requiring more strain on NBA player bodies. Plus there are too many 3s, and it isn't fun to watch. The Rockets are not enjoyable. Every year, the median number of 3's attempted goes up, the average defensive rating goes down. Nobody wants to watch 30 teams compete to see who can have the highest efficiency shooting 50 threes/game. If defense plays no role, and if refs continue to give advantage to offensive players, this is really, really boring to watch. As boring as it was when the league tilted too much in the direction of defense (the Bowen-era Spurs). Eventually they'll need to make the 3 point shot even further, 3s are an aspect of the game, but not the totality.
He's still better than the other big 4 commissioners
Lol everyone fucking hates Manfred rn
Fuck Manfred
Dodgerbro checking in
Heh, you don't even have to be a Dodgers fan to hate Manfred. Fans of every team other than the Astros hate him. r/baseball is filled with Giants and Red Sox fans saying they feel like they need to take showers after siding with the Dodgers and Yankees lol.
Can't argue with that but it's a low bar
As much as people shit on bettman he did a hell of a lot for the NHL. If only he would stop trying to lower fighting
I've watched a father of three die fighting another parent in a hockey rink after he hit his head on the ground. We don't need that to happen in the NHL. It will eventually happen, can't beat the odds, especially if unskilled players (as opposed to trained enforcers) go at it on a whim.
It has never happened in a pro game. There have been a hell of a lot of fights, by those odds it should have happened already. Two untrained fighting dad's fighting and dieing has the same odds as someone dying in a bar fight. Ask any fighter they absolutely want to keep it in the game no questions asked. Plus it's not required that every player has to fight. Its a role you willingly choose to take and keep taking. In college there isn't fighting but I definitely took on the agitator role and took a beating every night and I willingly put the target on my back. I wasn't skilled enough to play on a top line with minutes so a depth energy guy was all I could provide and I loved my role even if I was terrified on game days because I knew there is a big chance of a bad injury evey game hell every shift. I could choose not to play but I willingly took on that role.
Seriously, look at Rob Manfred the MLB commissioner. The Astros cheated their way to a world series championship and their punishment is loss of draft picks and 2 one year suspensions. WTF!
And lets not even mention Roger Goodells resumé.
Goodell is fucking TRASH. The way he handles player suspensions alone is enough to fire him, imo. And that doesn’t even scratch the surface when talking about reasons he should be given the boot
you wouldnt be saying this if your team was the one he commandeered with Colangelos. When this all went down the sixers had been bad for 2 years and 2 months. The kings hadnt won 30 games in 7 years and the wolves hadnt made the playoffs in over 10 years. The lakers were tanking parallel to us as well for just as long. Welp i guess that means time to fuck the sixers right? He railroaded our entire rebuild. Fast forward to this year he says he doesnt want to interfere in team affairs and then the league wants the Knicks to hire the reigning champion Masai as GM. wtf??
Which elf is taller? Doesn't matter because they're all short.
Wait, who is doing it worse?
draft lottery reform This one is pretty good actually
In this line. I honestly dont understand the praise he seems to get, he's been largely terrible
We envy your commissioner, sincerely: Baseball.
http://archive.wul.waseda.ac.jp/kosho/bunko11/bunko11_a0380/bunko11_a0380_0002/bunko11_a0380_0002.html Here’s your source for this, sincerely
He's doing a much better job than Roger Goodell who is RUINING THE NFL!
What horrible on-court shit is that ? 14 second shot clock after offensive rebounds is the most game changing on-court rule he’s changed and it’s great.
So he will lose to the Suns and then r/nba will go "LMAOO EVERYBODY GET IN HERE"
zero dark thirty-23 activated
Lebron on the court before the game starts
I feel like multiple people will go all out to get the first Kobe Bryant.
it’s a great gesture but i wish they honored him with something more important. ASG mvp is basically pointless :(
It’s better than nothing. Kobe also was tied for most Asg mvps so that’s why I think they did it.
If anyone was wondering, he's tied for 4 with Bob Pettit. If anyone was wondering, Bob Pettit is in fact alive at the age of 87 which I had no idea. Never hear from that guy as much as Russell, Cousy, Baylor, etc.
Kobe was only the third MVP to die.
in case anyone else is wondering, the other too are Wilt and Moses Malone
Thanks to you I now know those two too.
And those guys were in their 60s. And guys 6'10+ usually don't really live very long. That's why the Kobe thing is so messed up. He was still in his prime with so much to give to the game and his family. To die in such a tragic way. Something that seems like it could be avoided too.
Damnnnn the league is young
Bro it’s only 73 years old.
Kobe was only the third MVP to die. This is what brings the whole thing home. NBA players usually are around for decades after their retirement. 40-50 years. Guys who played in the 60's are still around today. This guys retiring in these last few years should still be around doing public appearances in the 2050's and past that.
Yeah that’s crazy I thought he was dead.
I only knew who Pettit was because of NBA Live 2000.
That’s true! Didn’t think of that
he does have the all time ASG appearance record and 4(?) ASG MVPs. Makes sense.
Also the youngest All-Star starter ever. While coming off the bench for the Lakers at the time.
that's what happens when you have a fan vote and he had an all star backcourt in front of him. eddie jones and nick the quick weren't exactly slouches.
Its crazy that we actually once had 4 all stars on the same team, Jones, Nick, Shaq, Kobe. Yeah the former 2 wasn't exactly perennial candidate but still good players.
And Kobe competed and cared every ASG.
It's not pointless. The ASG is one of the most viewed basketball events so Kobe's name will always be in the limelight.
The all star weekend has always been a celebration of the NBA. All the legends are there. People that prob won't see each other regularly will be there. So it's a perfect stage to celebrate the life and legacy of Kobe Bryant.
It's not pointless lol. He has like 8 of them so it makes sense anyways I think a lot of you guys need to understand that we don't have to retire his number leaguewide and change the logo etc to honor Kobe. Just because something isn't the most extreme possible way to honor him doesn't mean that those ways are any better than changing the name of the All Star MVP. They're all equal. Honoring Kobe is whatever each person makes it. One way isn't better than the other
Yeah honestly. How many players have any award named after them? This is a good way to honor him and a great move by the NBA. Logo change is far too extreme and reactionary imo but this is perfect
It's not pointless if players start to try in the game itself. When i was younger and naive (and players tried at the end of the fourth) i saw it as the star that rose above his peers stars in competition With it being name Kobe Bryant award it's another reason for players to start caring so it's another reason for it to not be pointless
It being named after Kobe just makes it more meaningful now. And players are actually going to try now and hopefully we get more exciting ASGs down the line
This is the best thing about it
I think this will lend a lot of meaning to the contest. My idea was that the winning team gets the Kobe Trophy, but MVP works too, especially if voters keep an eye on defense and teamplay instead of just giving it to the top scorer by default.
Instead of looking at it glass half-empty, look at it like this: The NBA has been honoring him in so many ways, this is just another positive addition to the list.
To be the best of the best, that's Mamba
that’s a good way of looking at it actually
All the other major awards already have names on them. And, since Kobe had 4 ASG MVP's, and didn't have a name attached to it yet, it made a lot of sense as a choice.
Kobe All Star MVP basically represents who gave the most effort in a game that lets you help a charity. If I'm choosing 1 thing to be able to define Kobe's legacy as an NBA player, I'll choose him being the one that gave back as much as he could. To the people, to the fans, to the players. He might not be top 1 top 3 top 5 or even top 10 for most fans/analysts/media but he damn sure is up there at the top for most players. I think it fits him well. He was an all arounder in real life. Basketball great, creative artist, Oscar winner (fuck yea), great writer, eloquent speaker, role model, family man, girl dad. True All Star.
I'm not trying to be made.
Motherfucker went 100% even in all-star games and won it 4 times. This feels fitting.
i feel like mip would be so fitting
His name was always going to be relevant to the NBA whether or not they named anything after him
[deleted]
It really is the fit that makes the most sense. Changing the name of the finals mvp would be overcompensating and he deserved something that would be a desirable honor. Really great job by Silver and the NBA here
Isn't the Finals MVP named after Bill Russell? That's why I wasn't for changing that or the logo; Kobe deserves to be honored but not at the expense of someone else who also deserves it.
Exactly. And changing the name to him when he has 2, which 5 people have more (MJ, Magic, Shaq, Duncan, and LeBron), would feel forced
The only argument against that for the logo was that Jerry West didn’t want to be on it. But the NBA never acknowledged it was Jerry West so it would be weird if it was officially Kobe.
the NBA never acknowledged it was Jerry West If they admitted it was based on a specific person they'd owe royalties to that person whenever it's used commercially - which is pretty much every piece of NBA merchandise.
Also even if it's Jerry West, the logo looks like a generic NBA player which is what it should look like. The NBA is not one player. It's all of them, and Kobe is probably the 3rd most legendary player in the history of the NBA, behind Jordan and Lebron I think the ASG MVP trophy is a very appropriate and good way to honor Kobe leaguewide
It’s probably really expensive to change the logo as well. It’s on literally everything
That too. It's just really impractical and I think most people would agree with that now. It was just a thing where people were filled with emotions and were looking for ways to get them out, and changing the logo seemed like a good idea at the time
i agree, the all star game mvp is the perfect amount of appropriateness
It's all of them, and Kobe is probably the 3rd most legendary player in the history of the NBA, behind Jordan and Lebron I feel like there's a ton of recency bias in this statement. He was a generational guy for sure but I think it's tough to call one guy who's still playing and one guy who only stopped 5 years ago as two of the three most legendary players. Especially considering historic guys like Magic, Bird, Wilt, and Russell. I don't think Kobe's legacy needs this kind of hyperbole.
How many people have yelled “KOBE!!” as they toss a piece of paper in the trash? A lot.
Completely disagree. Basketball is as popular as it is today around the world thanks to Kobe Bryant not Magic Bird and Russel. Kobe is one of the most ionic and influential players to ever play the game and that can't be disputed.
To a certain extent I guess it depends on your definition of "legendary," "iconic," and all the rest. I do think you discount a lot of what Bird and Magic and that era did to popularize the sport in the US, without which the massive global expansion wouldn't have been possible. Hell, it was even going global in that era. I talked to a guy in Buenos Aires last year who had never been to the States, but had fallen in love with basketball and the Celtics while watching Larry bird back in the 80s. But I can see your point with the global expansion. You'll see more jerseys of those three players abroad than most other jerseys for sure. Still, that foundation was built on the legacies of other players. In 20 or 30 years time there will be a whole new set of jerseys that will be the biggest and best, but I don't know if that would then qualify those players to claim "most legendary" status. I'd also argue that things like Chamberlain's 100 point game or Russell's crazy dynasty are "legendary" in the sense that they're part of the lore of the NBA. Jordan's flu game and Kobe's 81 points are also good examples. But those are on-court legends, and so much of what Kobe, Lebron, and MJ did was off-court. They brought branding and superstardom to a whole new level, which has added to their iconic status. Even a guy like Shaq, the better player during that Lakers run with Kobe (and IMO the better player, period) and a super compelling personality, just can't compete with the brand that Kobe developed.
It took me a while to realize it’s even supposed to be a specific person when I started following basketball. I really don’t see it still, it’s very generic.
The logo is a nice thought but i really never expected it to be taken seriously. I like this.
I honestly think something less permanent like a patch on all jerseys would've also been nice (like they're doing for Stern). But I guess fans would find a way to bitch about it.
West doesn’t want to be the logo and the NBA never admitted West was the inspiration for the logo.
The logo isn’t technically anyone. The NBA refuses to acknowledge it is Jerry West and instead says it’s a generic player. Everyone knows that it is West, but officially it isn’t.
Definitely. Also Kobe having a near record if not record number of all star selections, this fits way better.
Changing finals MVP would be absurd. Russell is perfect for that.
Big dick Silver Thank you! Very cool!
Very cool! Very Big! Trust me I know big, Silvers is the biggest!
The only W that matters this weekend, good move by Silver
.W....................W ..W........W.......W ...W...W....W...W .....W............W
We eating that W.
The shop?
This is the most unexpected Zurhaar I’ve seen
Very big W. Fitting award to give to Kobe
The biggest and best W. Well done Mr. Silver!
Word. Easy tribute to implement and acknowledges Kobe as the player — besides Bob Petit — with the most ASG MVPs. Epitomizes his mentality. A lot of people thought of the idea independently and from what I saw it was not controversial at all. Very happy they did this.
Among all the suggestions for how to honor Kobe (change the logo, retire 8/24), i think this is the best one by a mile.
Reddit is becoming Twitter
I love it. As Silver said, he embodies the idea of an All Star MVP. Class move NBA.
Yep. From an actual worthy player standpoint and by a leading vote getter standpoint he did too.
He’s won it more than anyone aside from Bob Pettit too, tied with 4
also a reminder to bring the mamba mentality to the all star game.
How does Silver embody the idea of All Star MVP? He's the commissioner? /s
Great move by Silver. RIP Kobe Bryant
This is the perfect tribute. No need to change anything like the logo but this award is an amazing tribute
I agree. Since 2000, Kobe had more All Star MVP awards than anyone else. Even going back, since Kobe was born to now, no one has more All Star MVP awards than Kobe. Absolutely perfect.
This is incorrect. Bob Pettit also had 4 All Star MVP awards ** My bad. I misread. I'll leave it here to remember my ignorance for posterity**
What is incorrect? Bob Pettit's awards were before 2000 and he has not won more than Kobe.
My bad. I misread
** My bad. I misread. I'll leave it here to remember my ignorance for posterity** No problem. We all make mistakes.
4 is not more than 4
Yes yes my bad. I misread
Too quick on the draw to drop that Bob Petit knowledge. Even if he would have said “all time” I dont think that includes when they use to play with peach baskets
We need a designated player going around breaking other players noses in honor of Kobe
Still can’t believe it even while reading this
I see so many Kobe murals everyday that it feels like he's still around. I miss him. I don't cry much at all anymore, but I get those emotional hits every now and then that take a second to recover from. An entire generation was molded by him, and now we have to carry that torch to help inspire the next generation of kids. I say Mamba Mentality to myself whenever I'm struggling to do anything, whether it be another rep at the gym, staying focused and in the moment, loving my wife, or at work when it's late and I need to slam out that time sensitive assignment. I just make sure that I give everything 100% because I know that's what Kobe would have done. Sorry for the tirade.
Dude I got a warning from a cop for jaywalking in Hollywood the other day (seriously tho?) and while he was writing it we were talking about Kobe. This city is grieving dude. I don't know long it's going to take for it to really feel normal around here again. That public memorial at Staples on the 24th is going to be massive.
I moved here a month ago & go to the regal right next to staples center weekly. The city truly is mourning. It’s unreal. I really feel like I’m in a house where the family is grieving and I can only offer condolences. Kobe meant a lot to me as a kid who grew up playing basketball, and though Shaq was always my favorite, Kobe was the name you yelled when you took a shot. But damn does it feel different to be here and see how much his death has impacted the place I live
Day he died I went to LA to play dodgeball. I’m heading home. I stop at a light and to my right was a LA sports mural with Kobe. Like damn.
I bet they are already working on some plans for the 2024 season. Maybe taking up the Kobe Bryant NBA logo thing for a season to honor him would be cool.
It’s fitting because Kobe has the most All Star MVP awards. Also 18x all star and it would have been 19x if it weren’t for the 1999 lockout Kobe deserves this.
Some of those later ones make up for it tbh but yeah, he definitely missed out on an obvious one. Someone should do a “who it would have been?” post for that game.
Let’s be honest, Kobe got multiple all star games he didn’t deserve in his later years. Let’s not act like he got cheated
He's tied for the most I think. Not to take away from Kobe, but let's also not discredit this other guy
Let's not discredit "this other guy" WHO WILL REMAIN NAMELESS lol
Voldemort?
Pettit
Let’s not discredit the guy I can’t be bothered to lookup.
Kind of ironic to not use his real name don’t you think?
Badass Don't make me crying Mr. Silver
4-time Kobe Bryant MVP, Kobe Bryant ??
I still can’t believe he’s actually dead
Nobody can really believe it ;(
No one can man. No one can.
His death breaks my heart, the three girls dying breaks my soul
Still can’t believe Kobes dead smh
It’s still weird to think about
Kobe always felt "there" no matter what. It doesnt get talked about enough, but between 2000-2010 Kobe was in SEVEN of those NBA Finals! RIP Mamba
Walked from Santa Monica to Venice today and Kobe is everywhere. Anything from dumpster graffiti to murals to t-shirts to jerseys. LA is hurting. I am a very casual NBA fan that grew up here and this really sucks. Glad NBA is doing this.
I'm an Indonesian and a basketball fan and most of the basketball fans over 30 here cried, here at the other side of the planet. His reach is deep.
it just doesn't seem real. like he'll just send a fax saying "i'm back" and he and gianna return
That’s some Kobe type shit. One can only dream.
I would be so mad. I would be so happy.
"Y'all were really crying cause I was gone? Soft like Charmin. I just took Gigi to a secluded island to train her like Rey. This was all a bad dream anyways you're gonna wake up soon" Is what I tell myself every day to try and make it hurt less. It never does. I've just decided to try giving it my best every day and in my own way, honor Kobe like that. So far it's improved my life a lot
“YALL THINK ID GO OUT LIKE THAT.”
I read your comment and my mind's immediate reaction was that you were doing a dumb meme but fuck it's real
Fr. I still remember watching draft day as a 16 yr old, seeing an 18 yr old going into the league. Wild. EDIT:Plus mike and him squaring off. We'll not see that level of competition again in our lifetimes.
Please report any trolls to make it easier for us to spot things; there's a lot going on in this subreddit right now. Be wary of rumors. Thank you. Edit: Treat this as a megathread please. Some posts are being removed since there's such an influx right now. Thanks for understanding. Edit 2: Kobe and Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation if anyone wants to take a look/give support to their foundation.
This hurts me so deeply. He was a hero to me. Laker nation is hurting so badly today, but we are here for each other.
This is fucking terrible, this man inspired a whole generation of kids to play basketball and was doing the same with his daughter post-retirement. This hurts
Big hug for you on this sad day. It really does hurt.
Gianna was reportedly with him too according to TMZ, I can’t imagine what Vanessa and the rest of his family is going through
Love you all. This is absolutely devastating.
Basketball nation hurting badly today.
I'm a Suns fan and I grew up hating Kobe. One of my favorite moments is Raja Bell clotheslining him. But that's on the court. The dude seemed like a genuine dude even for how mega famous he was. I wouldn't wish this on any fan base, I'm legit depressed. Prayers are with you guys and especially with his family.
I'm a Clippers fan. We're all hurting. This shit isn't right. His poor fucking daughter man. This is fucked.
I’m a grown ass man crying today for a dude I’ve never met. That’s the impact Kobe had on everyone. Mamba forever
Me too man. To be fair, I probably cry more than most men. But I can't ever remember being impacted by a celebrity death like this. Closest I'd ever gotten to tears was Carrie Fisher, but I don't think that really made me cry. Part of me wants to watch Mamba highlights right now, but I just know that'll make me sadder. This sucks. Prayers for Kobe's family.
https://youtu.be/y64OsZNYhp0 His last game ever. In highlights.
https://youtu.be/ziUc0OCDmoU This hit hard
Me too man. To be fair, I probably cry more than most men. But I can't ever remember being impacted by a celebrity death like this. Closest I'd ever gotten to tears was Carrie Fisher, but I don't think that really made me cry. I feel all this. Carrie Fisher hit pretty tough, but Kobe....? My niece texted me and I was like GTFOOH. Then alerts started hitting my phone.?????
Can someone explain to my husband that it is perfectly reasonable for me to be fucking gutted and bawling my eyes out over this? Fuck. Grew up an Angelino, but don’t live there anymore. He’s from the East Coast so he doesn’t get the impact Kobe had on those of us who grew up there.
Kobe was a player that showed his passion on the court every night. Lakers fans saw him grow up playing under Shaq's Shadow and see him mature. He struggled when the team was just based around him and then learned how to elevate players at every level of the roster. He was beautiful to watch on the court. It feels like something is missing in the world without him. I was born in Georgia and Ive loved my life on Virginia and Colorado but Kobe meant something special to me as well. Kobe was an inspiration to people, and especially an inspiration to his daughter. Having a dad believe in you like that means the world to any kid. I cried today because I thought of playing basketball with my own dad. I thought of what life would be like if I lost him or he lost me. I thought about what my mom or sisters would feel like. It's perfectly reasonable to be upset by tragic events. There was a terrible and senseless loss today. The world lost a loving father and a daughter who was following his steps. I cried when I saw the pictures of GiGi and the clips of her highlights. I don't see anything else to do but cry.
Horrible news, but thankfully he lived his life the way most people should strive to. Life can end at any moment, and he tried his hardest in any endeavor and made himself a legend. Of course people should be sad, but don't forget what he left behind for inspiration.
Tragic. Very sad to lose a legend so early in life. Kobe Bean was making huge strides in the entertainment industry as well. I really feel for his kids. He seemed like a great father. Horrible news.
at least he got his oscar, that seemed to be what meant most to him, so glad he got to accomplish it
Man that makes it even sadder, he was so young and still had so much more to give the world
I actually disagree, he had so much more to give, but at least he got a chance to show people that, and ultimately, Kobe got to accomplish his dream of winning an oscar and giving back to the game of basketball, he had so much more to do, but the small bit he did do will without a doubt be remembered forever
I was waiting for his HOF speech ?
My dad said the same sentiment, that he had a great life.
I really needed to read such comment. I’m Heartbroken man.
Kobe lived his life and didn't leave anything on the table. His life ended up being short but he sure as hell made the most of it.
Can't find any secondary sources, but TMZ is usually legit. I really hope it's fake.
KTLA is also reporting a fatal helicopter crash in Calabasas.
I really hope this shit isnt real edit: :(
Same. I feel like I’m gonna throw up
Apparently a helicopter DID crash in Calabasas.
[deleted]
This was my first thought after seeing he was confirmed. God bless them
It is now being reported that his 4 daughters were on board. Dear god, I hope they’re wrong You've got to be fucking kidding me. All 4??????? Do you have the source? This is a disaster jesus.
Woj reporter it
Dude, same and I just finished work :(
Multiple confirmations of a plane crash now. Some are also confirming likely fatalities, TMZ just happens to be the only one saying one of the fatalities was Bryant. Edit: Someone edited his wikipedia. Edit2: Some other reporters are also reporting his death, but they all seem to be refereeing the TMZ report. No additional sources. LA times twitter is telling people they are doing their best for independent confirmation. Edit3: International media is picking up on it, some pretty big publications like "Daily Mail". Journalist standards for those types of publications usually only do that if there are multiple independent confirmations. People are either going to be fired over this for falling for a scam or Kobe is dead. Edit4: Now confirmed by almost every news publication on earth. Rest in Peace. Feel bad for the kids.
Daily mail has no journalistic standards
a heli definitely crashed. let's just hope kobe wasn't on board
Sadly he and his daughter were along with a teammate of hers and her parents. Not sure who was piloting
Fuck, what a sad day for LA
Sad day for the world
I’m about to break down this is so fucked
Did my favorite player of all time just die...wtf
Yeah fam, RIP kobe
I know bro mine 2 a freaking Legend the ????? i cant believe it seems like a bad nightmare just wanna wake up and it not be real
These were my exact words
I’m a grown man and I’m crying
WHAT. THE. FUCK.
It's unfortunately real. https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486?s=19
Variety just confirmed it... i think lots of new sources were waiting to hear if next of kin was notified. https://variety.com/2020/biz/news/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash-lakers-1203480844/
build this man a fucking statue right in front of Staples,
Absolutely
Greatest Laker of all time. Shit, name the damn arena after him
Name the city after him
Name the state after him
Name the country after him
Name the continent after him
Name part of Japan after him.
Name a type of japanese beef after him
Done, but its actually made out of GOAT
Name the planet after him.
Name the galaxy and universe after him
Broadcasting live from the Kobe Center in Kobe, Kobe. God Bless the United States of Kobe.
Guaranteed
He was going to get one regardless ??
One for each jersey he wore ?
Needs to be done ASAP
I demand fucking monuments. I’m fucking done, holy shit. RIP to the a GOAT.
Is this fucking real?? Please say is a hoax! Fuck If so man the world lost an Iconic Human fuck man. Out of words! Edit: I am devastated this is too much. And also the others involved my depest condolences to their families. But personally Kobe was very influential in me. In how he transition with such grace his retirement. And how he changed the game, all he did good or bad it was special. His mindset was unique and I felt like in my life situation I approached everything with that determination and atill do. Such an amazing person and complete of achievements in success in everything in life. Just to take an oportunity if you are still reading, this teaches us how fragile life is and its how you choose to live that makes it fulfilling. Choose to love and help others. Take care of yours and embrace your situation. You will thrive in it always keep that #MambaMentality forever. R.I.P Kobe Bean Bryant the Black Mamba Ps: they just said he was with Gianna omfg this tragedy is too much man! Fuck! Man my prayers to Vanessa
Wait his girls were with him too?
Tmz just confirmed one of his daughters was on board
Lived only half of his life at most and still accomplished so much. This is so sad
I love you Kobe.
What a shitty fucking day ?
We all love Kobe. Horrible day
I came here because this is the only community I belong to where I can share my deep grief with people who understand. I am on a plane from Reno to LA crying like a baby. So sad for his family, friends, the Lakers organization, the NBA, and of course for all of us - his fans. I watched his first game. I went to his last game. I celebrated his victories like they were my own. I remember that giddy kid I met in the NBC cafeteria when he went on Leno and asked if he could have one of my french fries. I looked forward to seeing that accomplished man give a speech when he is inducted into the HOF later this year. We all loved him, even when he made it hard to like him. May he Rest In Peace.
We're all in that boat with you, sad as fuck and trying to process. I can't believe you were at his last game—you'll always have that legendary moment to cherish. Hugs and love to you, to Kobe's family, to the Lakers...to everyone.
I honestly couldn’t NOT be there. Before the game started I turned to my buddy and said, ‘Watch him put up like fifty shots tonight,’ half-kidding. What I will never forget was that Kobe’s last play on that floor was actually, and ironically, an assist. He wrote his own story in basketball. He did things his way. He had an almost supernatural level of intelligence when it came to the game and his role in it. There will never be another Kobe Bryant.
Same here. Was there when Chick Hern introduced him. "You watch this kid, he's going to be a superstar". Listened to hundreds of Laker games while stuck in traffic on the freeway. This game's in the refrigerator, the door's closed, the light's out, the eggs are cooling, the butter's getting hard and the jello's jiggling
Literally sick to my stomach
I feel like throwing up, like this hero I had since I was in 7th grade, most my life is gone
This hurts so much. I remember watching the 2009 and 2010 finals when I was in middle school at probably the peak of my own love for basketball. Kobe was one of my biggest inspirations. This fucking sucks
Same. We're basically the same age, we grew up with the same Laker teams. Just barely old enough to remember Magic, and became adults with Kobe + Shaq, then Kobe + Pau. Fuck this.
Same
I woke up this morning and was in a really great mood. LeBron getting 3rd on scoring. Kobe showing the love and congratulations to him. We lost but Lakers nation was still united for love. I decided to go and do a hike by myself this morning. I was enjoying and told my uncle that I was applying Mamba Mentality to conquer the hike because I’ve been dedicated to bettering myself and losing weight. Had no service for a good while and then as I was coming back and about .5 mile from the start I started getting flooded with messages asking if I was ok. I read what happened and I cried. I looked out into the horizon looking at the city and cried. I cried for Kobe. I cried for his family. I cried for all of us hurting in Laker Nation and the world. This has to be a dream.
Kobe left the lesson, let's honor him by reaching our goals.
Thank you
Legit same here, was on a hike when I found out. Right as we were passing by a waterfall, I took a few pictures to send to Facebook and read, "RIP Kobe Bryant" on my timeline, and I'm like UHHHHHH EXCUSE ME?? Absolutely shocked to the core right now still. This man was an inspiration for so many people.
I hope you’re doing well and was still able to finish that hike.
Man, this was what my day looked like too. I was out hiking for a few hours where I didn't have any cell signal. I randomly thought of Kobe while taking a quick break. I'm a Celtics fan and just randomly thought to myself how lucky I've been to have Kobe and Lebron as my biggest rivals for my entire life. A few hours later, I got on a bus back, heard the news over the radio and I'd never felt my heart drop so hard. I had to get off the bus about 30 minutes early because I just wanted to walk and try to process what had happened. Absolutely heartbreaking. Keep your head up, man.
no fucking way
WHAT THE FUCK!!! Fuck helicopters man.... I’m gonna cry if this is real.
In freaking out man, my hero is gone
I think most of us here feel the same. Fuck
Helicopters seem to be the least safe form of transportation. Automobile accidents occur due to the driver usually but helicopter failures are usually catastrophic
holy shit there is no fucking way this just happened
Gianna is confirmed dead too :( fuck this shit is awful
13 years old. Fucking awful. RIP
This is so tragic. The two seemed so close, going to Lakers games together and Kobe teaching her how to play basketball. IIRC he said at some point that it was her that got him to watch NBA games in his retirement.
Has this been confirmed. I keep seeing post that she is or isn't dead.
TMZ is reporting it and they are fairly reliable on these things, unfortunately. Hopefully it turns out to be false. Edit: Woj confirmed she was onboard
This is insane. He's the first retired GOAT basketball star to really be doing great and encouraging things since retirement and in a big way. This feels surreal
When he gets elected to the Hall of Fame, I'm going to be crying just as much as i am right now
This comment just made me realize we'll never hear his H.O.F speech and that's mind blowing
If he isn’t first ballot unanimous decision the whole hall is a joke.
I don't see how he wouldn't be.
I'm not crying but I sure feel emotional.
I really hope TMZ got hacked.
Other sources have confirmed the helicopter crash. Five dead.
The same way Stevie Ray Vaughan died; fog covered up a mountain and it looks like the helicopter just crashed right into it this is devastating. I never watched him in his prime, only the twilight of his career. His poor family, oh my god
SRV was my favorite guitar player. That was a shock. Now this....
Same :( two of my biggest life inspirations die by helicopter. I can't believe this
I'm trying to understand why they were flying so low there. It was overcast but it's not like the areas around L.A. aren't fully charted for pilots.
Yep, pretty much it. Even air traffic control warned the pilots they were flying too low, but they didn't respond. Looking at the flight re-play on Flightaware, they hit the hillside at 150mph. Fortunately it seems, they didn't know what hit them. The lights suddenly went out, no before hand knowledge, no suffering.
Man this sucks! I'm so sorry r/Lakers from everyone at r/jazz
There is no r/Lakers or r/jazz today. We are all one team
one family
I hope this is a fucking hoax!
https://twitter.com/LASDHQ/status/1221514409056432128?s=20
This just ruined my whole fuking year
Life*
Kobe wouldnt want his death to ruin you life
Thanks bro. I needed to read this.
2020 fucking sucks so far.
Hey man I am sure he wouldn’t want this to ruin your year. Sending love.
I just quit my job because of this... I was supposed to go in, I called and said I lost someone very important in my life and that I wouldn't be able to focus and couldn't come in, boss talked me into coming in for a few hours and I relented and agreed just to get off the phone. I get there and told them I was just going to do whatever backlogged work there was and then leave. Not 2 minutes later the boss is calling me to chew me out about how dare I dictate to him when I will leave, etc. I calmly gather my things, walk out the door, and text him "I quit." Fuck that felt good. For the record before people bitch about me being an idiot: I already have another job lined up and was going to quit anyway but I was at least going to give them 2 weeks notice. But fuck em now.
You're not an idiot. Everybody grieves differently.
Nah man fuck em. You’re more than a cog. Good for you.
if you weren't happy, fuck it. enjoy your mini vacation
I feel you bro. Some people don't understand. I'm about damn near dropping my girl over this bro cuz she don't understand.
Good on you. Enjoy the new journey. Best of luck.
Universe will reward u. Gl man
My Dad died a few years ago, and one of the things we bonded over the most was our love of the Lakers. Me and him went to so many games over the years to watch Kobe and they’re some of my fondest memories. Losing Kobe feels like losing another piece of my dad and it’s just bringing so much emotion back. I know this isn’t about me, but I have no where else to share this. I’m just so heartbroken for his family, the city of LA, and everyone in the world who admired the man. I’ve never cried about a celebrity’s death until today.
Ya I have such a sick gut feeling. I really just hope they got wrong info.
I hope this isn't true dude. Gonna legit cry. I fell in love with basketball as a young kid because of this man. I feel for his family, especially for his daughters if this is true.
WHAT THE FUCK
From everyone at r/sixers, we mourn his loss with you. A legend who forever changed the game. Basketball will never be the same. RIP Kobe. Edit: OMG his daughter was there too. This is so sad I'm at a loss for words. I'm actually crying. RIP Gianna Maria
Dude I’m fucking tearing up at work.
Wtf??
No no no no no. Please tell me this is a fucking sick joke from TMZ.
I’m in straight up denial. Please fucking tell me I’m dreaming.
ABC Report
...
Aw fuck man. This is looking like it’s real
My friend had such a great take on Kobe "Growing up, it was always incredible to watch how generations within immigrant households here in Los Angeles could be bridged through a shared love for Kobe Bryant, beyond lived experiences or language barriers."
I haven’t watched basketball in forever. But Kobe was my childhood hero. I really hope this isn’t true
Other sources starting to come in. https://www.local10.com/news/local/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-dies-in-california-helicopter-crash/ Edit ABC Eyewitness 7 tweet confirmation. https://twitter.com/abc7curt/status/1221517701987721216 Edit 2 Adding another one from variety. Says officials confirmed to variety independently that Kobe was on that copter. https://variety.com/2020/biz/news/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash-lakers-1203480844/
just a note about sourcing, the source of this article is the TMZ article. no mention about it being independently verified. i'm not saying it isn't true, just pointing that out.
Ah good point. Abc7 is tweeting confirmation now though (edited in link)
Fuck championship. Please bring back kobe.
God if we win it this year I’m going to cry so hard because of how bittersweet it is. Tying the Celtics all time and not even having Kobe here to celebrate it would be too much
Bruh his daughter died too, what the fuck kind of shit is this
This shit even if fake gave me instant chills
So unbelievable but I knew it was real as soon as I heard it was TMZ. Something like this would destroy all credibility if it was fake. Especially in LA, their offices would burn.
Knicks fan coming to pay my respects. RIP to the GOAT. There will never be another like him. #MambaOut
All I can imagine is him looking down, shaking his head, and saying “soft” at us being this sad. RIP Mamba
Hey, real strength is in sharing your emotions. Don’t be that guy.
All I can imagine is him saying "you're welcome" to everyone thanking him.
Cried on his last game, cried today. This man was one of the most important figures of my childhood. So much so, that throughout my whole life I've been known as the basketball guy around my circle of friends and ever since he retired, my interest in the league has gone down like a motherfuck. Where I was watching 1 or 2 games a day, this season I've watched maybe 2. Love the man, I only wish that life allows me to somehow pay him back for everything he gave me.
Spurs fan giving my condolences to all of you, a true legend gone too soon
This might get lost, but fr, rip to a fucking legend man. He was a great guy, and the basketball world will miss him greatly. -Bucks visitor
Cancel all NBA games today.
Daughter too https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
This is such a tragedy holy shit
They’ve confirmed his second oldest daughter passed as well ?
I pray this isn't fucking true edit: they just added a picture of the crash from afar
this is surreal...
My hero is gone
Throw this fucking year away. This man made me watch basketball. I yell kobe everytime I throw things in the trash. Wow. I'm at a loss for words.
Man me too. Shit. I'ma still do it. In honor of one the best ever. RIP Kobe. Fuck!
Jazz fan. I always had a love hate following for Kobe. He frustrated me since he seemed to just always beat us, but I respected the hell out of his play. I was frustrated he got his 60 point farewell game against us but you have to admit greatness when you see it. I can’t imagine waking up tomorrow and hearing someone like John Stockton dying in an accident. Hope you all are ok, life Is precious Kobe is an all time great and got to live his life doing what he loved He will be remembered for generations
This better be fucking fake
I'm not a Lakers fan, but I came here to say that the entire basketball community is hurting along with you all today. Pour one out for a one of a kind legend tonight. The world just got a whole lot less special.
Hi, coming in from r/all. I was never a big basketball fan, but I grew up in southern California and knew just how much people in LA and the surrounding communities loved the Lakers and Kobe. My condolences to Kobe's family, the Lakers, and all Lakers fans everywhere.
WHAT DA FUUUUUCK??? Tragic as fuck man.
? haven't felt that kind of shock about a person passing away that's not a family member or a friend, ever. The man made me a Lakers fan, and made me love the sport. I can't express how i feel right now. R.I.P. Kob' I have no words.
Hawks fan here. I am so devastated by this news. Kobe was my favorite player to watch play. Watching him grow up from that brash youngster ready to take over the league into the wise basketball guru he became was the NBA’s bed character arc. Nothing but love to Kobe’s family and every NBA and Laker fan. This is terrible, but we have each other
As a 7 year old (now almost 30) kid growing up in nj with no father, kobe is the reason I love this game and the reason I grew to love this team from across the country. Have been on and off crying all day since the news broke. It still doesn’t feel real. This hurts and I’m not okay.
Wtf how is this possible.
This hurts deeply, fuck... I hope he truly is in a better place now, the Lord shall look over him now... Prayers up to his family...
I always thought Kobe was gonna be around forever like bill Russell. I thought he'd live long enough to see somebody pass him as greatest laker. This is fucking ridiculous to me, why the mamba? He had so much life to live, and right after Lebron passes him in points? That's just cruel. I really hope there is an afterlife, and that he goes to heaven, this shit is so sad
TMZ reporting Gianna Maria also died in helicopter crash. Pray for Vanessa and the kids.
The NBA should retire #24 at the All Star Game
9 on board...omg
What?
There was an official press conference and the sheriffs department confirmed there’s 9 bodies at the scene and the manifest says there were 9 people on board
celtics fan coming to tell you guys how much of a loss this is i can't imagine how you guys are feeling. honestly i hope you guys win a chip this year in honor
Thank you
You are a true sports fan. Truce
Respect
I just threw up
Kobe was my whole childhood, this shit is so heartbreaking
I feel so sick...I feel so guilty for being so upset about this when I didn't even know him he was just my idol..I feel SO bad for his family and close friends..RIP Kobe FUCK man this sucks
RIP GiGi Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria Onore -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
Noooooo :(
Look guys I know that as a basketball fan who happens to root for the Clippers I am less than not welcome here. I just wanted to say that the entire goddamn universe has lost a hero today. A hero for a nation, a franchise, a team and most importantly a family. A man who was not afraid to put his body and mind on the line when it mattered. A man who wanted to win and knew how to. I hope that at least for this day we can put aside our differences and remember and celebrate this absolute legend today.
Kobe was the reason I started following the lakers. Fuck this man gone way too soon
Fuck bro this is hurting so bad
It feels like I lost a family member
It truly does.
Fucking hate Calabasas before hate it more now.
I’m just a lost for words. It’s like a part of me died. Kobe was the reason why I became a Laker fan. I still watch his interviews and highlights all the time. (This morning I was watching it before I heard the news). He was the reason why I love Basketball so much. I’m sick to my stomach. Rest in Peace, Legend. Condolences to the entire Bryant family.
As a Celtics fan I came to say how heartbroken I am. Sure we have our rivalry now and always will, but Kobe brought back that bird vs magic feel. The finals against you guys are some of my most fond basketball memories and if Kobe wasn’t on your squad it wouldn’t of been a fraction of as exciting. He is like a Manning or Jeter to me. Guys I could root against during our games but had the upmost respect for on and off the court. Without the rivalry and Kobe, those finals would’ve been so much less enjoyable. I am so sorry to the family his friends and all the Lakers fans out there. As a Celtics fan I am heartbroken. I hope everyone takes this time to send positive energy to his surviving family/friends and takes some time to show your own loved ones how much you care about them. Life is precious.
I'm gonna get nuked on our sub for saying this as a Celts fan, but I hope you guys win the chip. Seriously. After this shit, yall deserve it.
Damn. https://ktla.com/2020/01/26/small-plane-crash-reported-in-malibu-area/
Hopefully his family was not onboard:/
His daughter apparently was.
Prayers to the Bryant family. This is tragic. Why!?!??
Going to honor him the only way I know how. Put up shots at the gym
Suddenly basketball doesn’t matter anymore.
[deleted]
100% correct But this was such a good season and now it just feels like it doesn’t mean anything
I've been a wreck all day... More than just basketball Kobe inspired me in life. As the child to poor immigrants, I worked as hard as I could in school becoming a straight A student because Jordan and Kobe showed me how. No one else. In 2010 when he won the championship, he gave a kid (me) who lost his father that year, and saw his world fall apart, a much needed victory. He will continue to inspire me. Thank you Kobe for everything you have done ?. I don't expect anyone to read this. I just wanted add my comment and upvote so the world, and his family knows, how much he has meant to us. Mamba 4 Life.
I guess God needed an All-Star Captain
Please let this be a Lil Wayne style hoax
I just need to vent man. I’ve been a lakers fan since I was 8. As an immigrant girl I lashed onto basketball, specially Kobe, and the beautiful gold and purple. He wore my favorite color and my favorite number. That started my love for basketball. Throughout the years, no one ever took me seriously for liking the sport. Seeing him treat his daughters, especially Gigi and her love of basketball, with so much respect... man. I’ve stuck with the lakers through thick and thin, and this was our year. This was the year everything was supposed to go well. But Kobe dying? Even if he’s not on the team anymore, he IS the lakers. It hurts. I’m heartbroken. I know he wasn’t perfect. But he was so young. Both him and Gigi had so much potential for the future. It fucking sucks and the worst part is there’s nothing I can do about it
I literally have a midterm tomorrow and since the news came out I’ve been unable to do anything but cry or read about the updates on Reddit. I’m such a mess. You will be missed Kobe??
Im supposed to working on something for a job right now. I can hardly function let alone think about that shit. Its been over two hours since I found out, still in shock.
I’ll never forget the Dwight-Nash season when everyone expected the world but nothing fell in place. Kobe went superhuman and carried the team to the playoffs only to get injured just before them due to the insane load he was under. Most people would probably list that as one of the Lakers’ worst seasons but it was my favorite because we got to see the true scope of Kobe’s genius, scoring, defending, running the show. He even played point guard at times and bossed it.
Here from r/Mavericks. I'm so sorry guys. This hurts me so bad but I can't even imagine what y'all are going through. They'll never be another Kobe.
I'm watching the LeBron interview last night on ESPN (YouTube) in the locker room. He is legitimately uneasy and confused why he broke Kobe's scoring record in Philly as a Laker where Kobe grew up, and where LeBron first met Kobe as a high schooler. Kobe gave 15 yr old LeBron a pair of shoes the night before Kobe won all star game mvp in Philly. He kept saying it didn't make sense. Probably too much coincidence for his own comfort and it wasn't sitting well with him, perhaps too much responsibility to handle. He said how great it is seeing Kobe and Gigi at the games because the Lakers are a brotherhood. 14 hours later, Kobe and Gigi would leave this Earth for good. LeBron was right, none of this makes sense. All we can do is pick the pieces up and honor their memories by pushing forward.
Please be fake, please be fake, please be fake
This will get buried in the comments, but RIP Kobe Bryant. Growing up, you were my favorite basketball player. I used what I learned from watching you play, your interviews, etc. to shape me into the man I am today. I'm just at a loss for words right now. I've never had a celebrity death hit me so hard before.
WHAT THE FUCK.... NO. PLEASE. NO.
does he now get a statue infront of the staples center?
Fuck Gigi was on board, Kobe was taking her to practice.
I am so glad we retired Kobes jersey right away, and had him experience the love basketball fans and most importantly laker fans had for him
You think of your hero as this immortal being. Growing up emulating their moves at the park pick up games, buying every shirt and shoe to be even a small percentage like them, being lucky to meet them not once but three times and remembering how in awe you were. You never think your hero can die...until they do. But they’re never gone. A hero lost is just a legend gained. RIP Kobe Bean Bryant. Your legend will live on.
In Liverpool, UK... my 10 yr old is upstairs playing Fortnite, he lobbed some grenades to kill an enemy and shouted “Kobe” - went upstairs to tell him the terrible news and explained how that saying came about... terrible loss for all around the world! ?
Yeah so true. Its gonna be weird now, but it shouldnt be guys! Say it with pride and a smile on your face! RIP KOBEE
This is one of the worst days of my life... I can’t believe it I’ve been crying all day. I can’t fathom the pain Vanessa is going through losing Gianna and the love of her life... Legends Never Die. ??
I know no one cares but this might be the most devestating death besides family at this point in my life. I'm with people that don't understand and I feel like I'm falling apart after hearing this news. Kobe has been my idol my entire life and knowing he's gone in this way is beyond words. Forever respect. I know you didn't know me but your impact will never be forgotten.
Celtics fan here. I lost my best friend several years back, but he was a diehard Laker fan. Some of my favorite times I remember back are watching/listening to both of the finals with him. The 2010 was one of the last times I got to spend with him. Truly heartbreaking for this to have happened and there’s really no words for it. I wish his family and you all the best.
I just refuse to believe Kobe not on this Earth anymore man. I just left from Staples, about 6-7k of us at LA Live, crowd was chanting MVP, Kobe and Fuck the Grammy's because we couldn't go into Staples Center. Everyone was just there for each other, vibing. For people in my generation(22) we wanted to be like Kobe, not Mike. Fucking around with your friends in class and shooting balled up paper into the garbage screaming "Kobeeeee" your friend blocks and goes "Shaq" Just don't believe this shit man. Closest celebrity death to me, ever.
I woke up this morning, hoping it was a bad dream. It’s going to be a rough day at work.
I just sat and cried in the bathroom. Kobe didnt know me. But I knew him. I watched him. I watched the playoffs in my old tv attached with a vcr as I re-recorded the games on my moms VHS tapes with scotch tape. The memories of lakers, the team, kobe, the fans, the parades..in our city of LA. Iam so sad. Watching people cry on tv, post etc. Unity of all races/sexes. :(
there is no way
I’m speechless. This is fucking terrible.
Dude... this fucking sucks.
Kobe dies and I'm dying too.
I really hope it's a hoax but they're not the only one to have reported the news. Fuck man this hit hard. RIP to my favorite player of all time and to an all time great. Edit: news in, it's not a fake. RIP Kobe may your family find peace in this dark time.
Kinda hope they cancel all the games today...I know no true fans of ball want to watch, and players def don't wanna play.
Any kobe slander please meet me at staples. Please.
(Celtic fan coming in peace) Just devastating. My heart goes out to his family, friends, and the entire Laker nation. The battles against you guys will forever hold a special place in my heart
On my fucking birthday :( :( :(
Just heard the news in Portugal... I can't find the words to express how I feel. I am a Kobe and Lakers fan since 01. I molded my game after his. He was a role model . Can't believe this. I just can't. Rip, Kobe. I'll always have love for you.
We need a Rocky type statue of him at the entrance of the Staple Center. RIP legend
As a Blazers fan, I want y'all to know that I have nothing but respect for this legend. He kicked out ass plenty of times. And we did the same right back plenty of times as well. But the amount of respect we have for Mamba is second to yours. Such a shame to see him go so young before he could become a GM like Larry Bird. Hope y'all hold up fine. As much as I still hate the Lakers, no one should feel this way.
I'm fucking devastated guys. I'm heartbroken. I'm a grown ass man crying. My childhood hero. The greatest of all time...
same
No. Shut up. Fuck off. No. Fuck off. Shut up
Raptors fan here, sending you guys love from Toronto. RIP Black Mamba.
Celtics fan dropping by to say hearts with you guys. This is a very tragic loss for not only the Lakers dynasty but the world. Everybody learned from Kobe, and we will always remember him. Can’t believe it.
I’ve finally let out the tears. I’ve kept it together the whole time at work but I finally got a moment to go in a room by myself and just process it. Thank you for everything Kobe. R.I.P. Legend. The entire world knows how massive a loss this is.
Hot damn, we got in-game quests now!
NBA RPG
2k meets real world
Everyone liked that
harden needs to get 24 foul shots to get 1 vote as an mvp
All I want to do is the Kobe Bryant side quest.
Soon the players need to do micro transactions to get their alternate jerseys
Took me a couple reads to understand what's actually going on but it's interesting to say the least
Can you explain? So the resets in the 2nd quarter and again in the 3rd quarter? So what's the point of the first half.
For Example: Before the game - East picks Charity A, West Picks Charity B Quarter 1 - 12 minute quarter East - 32, West - 28 (Charity A gets $100,000) Quarter 2 - 12 minute quarter East - 36, West - 36 (Money rolls to next Quarter's winner) Quarter 3 - 12 minute quarter East 35, West 33 (Charity A gets $100,000 from Quarter 2, and $100,000 from Quarter 3) Quarter 4 - Untimed Quarter East Leads 103-97 First Team to reach the score of 127 (32+36+35+24) wins $200,000 for their charity. If it's East, since they've won the other three quarters already, both charities instead split the final $200,000 Charity B also wins $100,000.
This made it all click for me!
I'm honestly still confused as fuck. I don't like this. I'm all for creative scoring and whatnot for the allstar game, but this is a little much Edit: hi fuckers. I understand it now obviously, the explanation and wording was just weird as hell
Winner of each individual quarter gets 100k, ties roll over to the next quarter. Last quarter is untimed to highest score through 3 quarters +24. A bit confusing but it makes sense
this is the best explanation i've seen. if the person who wrote out the quarter by quarter example had used your explanation, I would have understood right away.
I'd just like to see a race to 81 points competition
First person to score 81 points. No passing allowed.
put all players on the court. a classic game of 21 (or hustle) but instead to 81. it will pretty much be 1 on 19 whoever has the ball, halfcourt only. no take backs. shoot from the 3
And if you miss the game winning shot your score goes back down to 8
ASG over in 9 minutes
But if one of the team only has to score 24pts, its probably gonna make the 4th quarter very short
Mate how is this confusing? Just imagine 3 12min games for 100k for charity and then they add up the scores in the 4th.
It’s not that confusing to me either, and it’s really cool.
I like it too. Why not, it just about getting more interest in an exposition game.
an exposition game? lol. Exhibition maybe?
No I really want the ASG to tell me a story
Have you not seen what the ladies wear on all star weakens? They are definitely exposed.
The east is gonna be exposed
r/boneappletea
Unfortunately people don't like anything that takes more than 30 seconds to understand.
Some guy on twitter really said “stop with these weird games and let the players play hard basketball for 48 minutes, it’s what Kobe would want” as if they played serious beforehand
Why not just give 300k to charity and play the game like normal? I really don't understand why they're doing the game this way. Tributes to Kobe are great, but this is convoluted and it's probably going to ruin the viewing experience.
Because this gives an opportunity for both team to earn money for their charity.
yea it's like hitting a reset button to try again, it's actually really neat. it's like playing 4 matches.
Exactly. And with multiple chances to win for your charity, it actually incentivizes the players to be a little more competitive during each quarter.
I've been saying basketball would be better as a best-of-"x" match game for years.
They don't have to scrap the idea of playing each quarter for charity, but they don't need to reset the overall score either. And then the 4th quarter being a race to 24 points is ridiculous. It's going to be over in like 5 minutes or less. It doesn't even matter if they play defense, 5 all stars are going to score 24 REAL fast.
And then the 4th quarter being a race to 24 points is ridiculous. This kinda proves my point. Even you don't get this. It's not a race to 24 points for both teams. The other team might have to score 24 or 32 or 41 points based on what happens in the other mini games. They're going to have to keep track of two scores throughout the game.
Willing to bet at the end, they will give both charities the same amount of money regardless.
Now LeBron has to play 40 minutes, for the sake of the charities.
I think the real goal here is the final quarter. They want to see what a game looks like with a target score, rather then a time limit.
But the target score is 24 man, they're going to end the quarter after like 5 minutes of gameplay. It's gonna be shit to watch.
Lol, it's not gonna ruin anything. They'll play 3 individual 12 minute games with 100k prize for each, then add their total points and play a last quarter with the clock off until someone hits a target score. Even if that train of thought is too hard to follow for some people (which seems to be the case), all a viewer will have to do is watch the first 3 games, then read or hear one of the undoubtedly million notifications of "alright first to 147 wins".
That 4th quarter is going to be shitty man. 24 points is gonna get scored in like 5 minutes.
Because playing the game like normal is boring af. I hope this makes it a bit more competitive.
I hate "do this" and money goes to charity gimmicks. Clearly you have the money so just donate it. If you really want to make it competitive have the donation come out of the losers checks. Also the amount is way too low. NBA has crazy money. Needs to be like 5 million at least.
It's not confusing. It's somewhere between confusing and frustrating. Like I don't know what we, the fans, gain from this. It's for charity? Cool. Just use the difference in quarter scoring to give away money. Why are we just resetting scores? How does this add to the experience?
Agreed. I'm still confused af. Edit: okay after scrolling through this thread I understand it. I can only imagine how confusing it must be to a casual viewer.
its basically four winner take all games, but the cumulative winning team gets a handicap in the 4th game.
They really should just advertise it as 4 separate short games. Makes more sense that way.
What's the handicap?
It's really simple. It's like golf, where you add up the score for each day to get your aggregate score. Then you add 24 points to whoever has the highest score through three quarters and whoever reaches that number first wins. If it's 120-110 after 3 quarters, the first team to get 144 points wins.
Just think it like this. What team win in that quarter the Charity that the team pick will got the money. And repeat from each Quater instead of full game.
Yea its ok it isnt hard. Maybe once you watch the game youll get it
It would've been less confusing if they said "the winner of each separate quarter wins $100,000 for charity." Saying "we're resetting the score," but then bringing back the previous quarters' scores is just a much more confusing way to put a simpler explanation. Whoever formatted it that way should be fired lol. This common core explanation bullshit can take a hike.
It's basically four 12-min games. Not that crazy
Well 3 12 minute games and then one untimed game with a hard cap.
Which gives 200 instead, right ?
The irony of the "it's so simple" explanation getting it wrong.
It’s just 4 games of 21, not that complicated
Each quarter is it's own game. Whoever has more points after 3 quarters, add 24 to it. First to that total wins. Brain dead simple.
What are you so confused about?
Right! The East outscoring the West really threw me off.
It allows multiple charities for likely varying reasons to get something out of the game... The result is kind of nice even thought the route to that result is clunky as fuck lol.... I think the easier route would be just split the charity pool by the % of scoring East: 108 West: 140 248 total points East Charity: = 43.54 % of the pool ($217,700) West Charity: = 56.45% of the pool ($282,250) OR... Maybe cut out a guaranteed amount for the winner then split the rest based on points... so the overall winner gets $250,000, then they split the remaining $250,000 based on points scored (the same as above) East Charity: = 43.54 % of the split pool ($108,850) West Charity: = $250,000 + 56.45% of the split pool ($141,125) EC total: $108,850 WC total: $391,125 This could net a similar effect... with less of a "what the fuck is going on" impact to the people simply watching the game. Hopefully the people in charge of the overlay for the broadcast can de-mystify this fuckery during the game with some good heads up interface lol...
What on Earth were they thinking...
That this would be an intriguing was to add suspense to the game and make the end more dramatic. Watching the west try to come back while the east is on game point is way better than watching them Chuck 3s for the last two minutes waiting for the clock to run out.
watching them Chuck 3s for the last two minutes waiting for the clock to run out i don't really mind this new idea but the end of the game is usually somewhat competitive already
Right, and now they're trying to make the ends of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd quarters nearly as exciting.
It probably makes it more fun for the players as well? They can rotate who gets to finish out each quarter.
Oh yeah! Everybody gets to be in a metaphorical closing lineup
They are literally taking cues from NASCAR, a sporting organization that has thrown away millions of viewers in little less than 15 years. Thankfully it's only for an exhibition game.
Yea they usually fuck around until five minutes in the fourth quarter
Yup, which I'm honestly fine with. I can worry less about guys getting hurt, and also people forget that the lazy defense in the 1st half of these games is why we get all of those amazing highlight dunks. So yeah: fuck around for most of the game, play hard at the end.
Err it seems like this is precisely going to make them chuck 3s for the last two minutes instead of playing properly, players have no incentive to take this seriously, win or lose the money goes to charity.
[deleted]
They might as well go all-out and turn it into the MTV Rocks n Jocks basketball game, but of course only with NBA players. I want to see that 10-point bucket!
I thought it was a 25pt bucket that came down from the ceiling
They had a 25-point and a 50-point shot! The games are on YouTube, but there's a surprisingly small amount of info online about them. Here's a decent article from Complex.
I like it. Just enough competition for the charities, and it means the stars are going to care about the 4th quarter, since the only way to win will mean a made shot.
Yeah but it’s so convoluted and hard to follow, it feels like there is definitely a better way to execute this.
I don't think it's convoluted at all. It's different, but it's really not that complicated. Each quarter is it's own game. That's really all it is.
I think this format is way better. It keeps both teams competing for all four quarters, and we might even see some defense (assuming the players care about winning money for their charity).
Trae Young punching air rn
It’s... awkward in that they are resetting the scores (sort of). Like, this is trying to be the Elam ending in some ways (clock turns off with 4 mins left, target score becomes whatever the higher score is +8). Which is a big change, but watching the Big 3 tournament I actually liked the mechanic as the other team always had a chance
Eh, but they're only resetting for the 2nd and 3rd, the scores are still relevant for the 4th and not getting too far behind per quarter to have to catch up too much in the 4th. Idk, this seems pretty neat for competitiveness sake lol
There’s step by step instructions on following. Cmon it ain’t rocket science. It’s for a good cause.
Yeah! Solid thinking tbh
Sounds way better than usual to me tbh
The whole broadcast is going to be trying to tell people what's going on haha. It's not the worst idea in the world, but regular people are going to be soooo confused.
The thing about basketball is that you can flip on any game and pretty easily figure out what's going on. Guys are gonna be competing and playing ball like normal, it's not like they're gonna add Slamball trampolines or something it's just hoops. It's no different from watching people play pickup basketball to 11 (or whatever number), you just have to follow the score in each quarter and that's all.
People are gonna tune into the start of the 3rd and be confused by a score of: west 6 - East 8
“Finally, some defense!”
Idk but I’m watching it now. I used to tune in for like half an hour at most then check for highlights now they got me for the whole span.
It's the all star game...no one takes it seriously so now people might at least in the 4th quarter to try and hit that game winner. Taking a page out of the Big 3 a little bit.
What kind of take is this? This adds a fun wrinkle to what was already kind of a boring game after the opening few minutes.
What’s your problem with it?
I don't understand the point of resetting the score after the first two quarters if its all added back up in the 4th anyway
Just to make it easier for everyone to tell who won which quarter
Honestly, they should keep it as damn simple as saying "and the winner of each quarter" and "as well as final score". The way the title is worded is title gore
Exactly! They literally show the score breakdown by quarter when going to commercial after every quarter. Just use that little chart to determine the charity and keep a running score...
Exactly. We can all just think of it as them showing us the quarterly scores all game, until the 4th. It's not actually resetting. It's just the way they choose to word it. It's honestly nothing more than a "UI" issue.
The way it's been written is still confusing. Bottom line... Your points count through 3 quarters just like any other game. Big difference is that at the start of the 4th quarter, whichever team is in the lead - the target score becomes their total points + 24. We've seen this type of format before and it's really fucking fun, because it turns every game into an exciting finish where the final shot is always a game winner. Perfect idea to add some excitement to the all-star game. Example: If the East is up 112 to 106 after 3 quarters... the target score becomes 136 (112 + 24). Whichever team gets to 136 first wins. Beyond that, whoever scores the most each quarter wins money for their charity. Nothing gets "reset"... Wording is confusing people.
This is way more confusing.
nah because west could lose the first and win the second, but still be overall down
It really isn't, each quarter is a new game with new players.
Yeah, reading through the official NBA page, it's easier, Twitter is a shit platform for this, got confused reading it.
Twitter is a shit platform
It makes each quarter more competitive.
More likely its to hide what a blowout the game is. People who tune in for the middle of the game will just flip channels if they see its a 50 point blowout in the 3rd.
For example: Quarter 1 East - 32, West - 28 Quarter 2 East - 25, West 27 Total score after 2nd Quarter: East - 57, West - 55 In this example, even though East leads at halftime, West's charity receives the $100,000 for Quarter 2 because they outscored East by 2 in the quarter. Perhaps to the casual fan it's easier to visualize with the reset, but I agree it should have been billed as "Win the quarter" without a confusing reset.
Exactly, hell the Orlando summer league manages to do the “win the quarter” thing easily without all the over-complication
If you win a quarter, you get to donate a share of money to your charity.
Right it’s pretty simple, wildly convoluted is overstatement of the year
The average person can't read a box score is effectively what I'm getting out of this. Either that or the geniuses at the NBA who came up with this can't read a box score. This could all be simplified by "highest scoring team in each of the first 3 quarters wins the prize for that quarter".
Being as close in the game as possible so that winning the game overall will be much more significant. Say if West win all 3 quarters by a combined 15 points. That means East would have to score 39 points in the 4th before the West scores 24. The only issue I have with this is the cap being at 24. Should be at 32 (24+8) so that if the winning team gets hot or something, the 4th quarter doesn't end 5 minutes in lol. I think it will increase competitiveness in the earlier quarters, which I'm sure is NBA's intentions after years of complaints of the non-competitiveness.
I would assume it's because winning total points has more bonuses than winning each quarter. It's supposed to make it 'exciting' by making winning less predictable by just going off of total points.
For the charity calculations, I guess. I agree that that part is unnecessary, but I like the Elam Ending a lot.
Apparently this idea is too complicated to understand for some reason, I don't really think it's that bad but I guess average people aren't going to care enough to try to learn the new rules. What they should do is just make it a best of three series with 16 minute games, winner gets 500k for charity.
It's not about resetting the score, it's treating each quarter like it's own mini game essentially
This a great explanation thank you
I get it, but this is wildly convoluted, and I have no idea why the thought this was worth doing...
[deleted]
Especially for more casual NBA fans/viewers who may not even hear about this before All-Star weekend
Good thing we have people inside the TV box speaking words to us. Think they can explain it while it is being played.
People don't always watch from start to finish, which means they're probably going to have to repeat that explanation multiple times throughout the broadcast. So there's a good chance the hardcore fan gets annoyed at by the constant repetition while the casual fan just gets lost wondering why the game ended in the mid 4th.
You think Marv Albert or Reggie Miller are going to understand this?
"Each quarter is basically a new match with each team playing for $100,000 for their selected charity each quarter, except for the final quarter where teams play for an $200,000." Wasn't that hard. Explaining the rules of the untimed quarter and how that extra $100k might play in isn't terribly important but that would be like another few sentences.
I’m sure they’ll bring it up a million times on Saturday and before the game. Also everyone complains about the all star game not being competitive enough then when the nba finally does something about it everyone complains before it’s even given a chance. Give it a chance
The All-Star Game will never be competitive unless there’s something actually meaningful at stake. These guys are sitting out regular season games for load management. You think they’re gonna put in effort for a glorified exhibition.
What do you expect? Finals intensity? The players are gonna have fun and their competitive side will come out more than the traditional format. At least they’re trying to make it better for everyone.
I mean like even if its slightly more competitive its a win. Fuck there was no point watching the previous ones. I like seeing actual defense played.
I think instead of the last 5 mins of the entire game where players start trying.. it'll be the last 5 mins of each quarter. It's an interesting twist and may make it fun to watch.
The format is a modified Elam ending. I personally hope the NBA adopts it as a format in the future. Current basketball end game is dumb as hell. Elam’s goal was simple – to try to create an endgame sequence where basketball actually looks like basketball instead of watching one team walk up the floor to shoot free throws and another team race down the floor to jack up threes. The Elam Ending accomplishes that mission because trailing teams who would dare to commit intentional fouls would be gifting their opponents an easy victory. Instead, they are required to play tight defense (as they would for the rest of the game) and try to get stops while scoring at the other end. One of the best examples for the benefits of the Elam Ending came in the game between the Scarlet and Gray (Ohio State alumni) and the Matadores (Texas Tech). The Ohio State team held a 75-70 lead when the Elam Ending began. With a target score of 82, the Scarlet and Gray led 80-73. The game ended with an alley-oop dunk that brought the entire gym in Columbus to their feet. Now here is the relevant question for sports fans – would you rather watch a game-winning, walk-off alley-oop… or would you rather watch the Matadores foul on four or five possessions in a nearly hopeless, time-consuming waste of everybody’s time? I would be willing to wager that at least 99% of fans would prefer the first scenario, unless there is someone out there who just really, really enjoys the art of the intentional foul. With the Elam Ending, every single game is guaranteed a game winning shot https://thecomeback.com/nba/the-elam-ending-is-the-best-thing-to-happen-to-basketball-this-century.html
I've never heard of the Elam Ending before and didn't know it was a thing. Thanks for the article. Personally, I'm glad the NBA is following the NFL's lead and trying out different wacky rules for the All-star game, like the 4th and 15 onside in the Pro-Bowl this year. This sounds like a fun concept so it'll be interesting to watch how it plays out with NBA players.
Hopefully the 4th and 15 onside will be adopted in regular games. The onside has been completely neutered
What about a game winning buzzer beater? Or a game tying buzzer beater? Those are pretty fun to watch
Buzzer beaters are bad ass but really rare statistically. Having a game-winning shot 100% of the time seems like a big net win. And some of those shots will feel about as tense as a true buzzer beater.
But rare is why it’s great. If it happens all the time it’s less impactful. Not to say this system won’t ever make for great endings, but personally it would be a big loss never having buzzer beaters
This. If every game is special none of them will be - Syndrome right now
– The Elam Ending is made for television. Are you kidding me? Instead of the endless parade of fouls and timeouts and stoppages, the Elam Ending creates a natural conclusion to every game that draws viewers and fans alike in. Amidst an endless array of stoppages in games now, it’s easy to change the channel or lose interest. If you do that during the Elam Ending at any moment, you risk missing the end of the game. Every broadcast partner of the NBA and college basketball should be calling the powers that be now and demanding its implementation. I personally agree the Elam Ending would produce better endgames about 90% of the time, but the above quote is exactly why the NBA will never go for it. The timeouts, stoppages, etc. are perfect places for ads and the end of games are when the most people are tuned in. The NBA and the networks would never give up that revenue.
They're not showing ads during free throws though are they? Time outs would still be relevant with this format. In fact, with the time saved with less free throws, it's possible they can add another timeout completely.
I don’t know, I’d be interested to see the numbers. Watchability is worth a lot. Turning endings from the most tedious part of the game to the most exciting would be a big win. I thought some of these broadcasts even quit going to commercial once they’ve run a certain number. Is that the case?
Certainly happens for a Wednesday night Cleveland Detroit game since they "run out" but the national games have contracts that allow them to play more commercials with a different (usually cheaper) rate if they go over a certain number
I like the Elam Ending. I’m worried that pairing it with these confusing and unrelated quarter resets is gonna make people dislike the Elam Ending by association.
ELAM ENDING is amazing. The NBA needs to adopt this for every game.
This seems complex but it actually makes sense. The goal is: 1) to make each quarter competitive, with real stakes, and 2) to make the 4th quarter exciting by eliminating the run-out-the-clock strategy and ensuring that there's always a game-winning shot Yes, this is unfamiliar. But I think bball fans will understand very quickly when they watch the actual game. Compared to dribbling, fouling, and other aspects of bball, this is super simple
To make it even better they should take $100,000 from one charity and give it to the other. You could have the kids and families who would benefit or lose for each charity court side. We could zoom in on them when their team is up 10, or down 10. It doesn’t really matter. Now that’s suspense.
I get the tribute for Kobe but oh my god this is terrible lol
Should just have made it first team with a player to score 81 exactly wins.
So we can expect a very short Quarter 4 then if the leading team only need to score 24 points?
Hopefully no one catches fire from 3 in the 4th or it will be all over in a few minutes.
What if they reach 127 in the third quarter?
The 127 was just used for the example. The actual final target score will be whichever team has the highest total score in the first 3 quarters +24. From the Article: For instance, if the cumulative score of the first three quarters is 100-95, the Final Target Score would be set at 124 points. To win the NBA All-Star Game, the team with 100 points would need to score 24 points in the fourth quarter before the team with 95 points scores 29 points, and vice versa. With no minimum or maximum time on the clock in the fourth quarter, the NBA All-Star Game will end with a made basket or a made free throw.
Whoever is leading after 3 quarters only has to score 24 points to win it. The team that’s behind has to score more than 24, to reach that total.
24 seems like a really low number to finish a quarter in an all star game.
Maybe the idea is that then they'll actually play defense. But who knows
In this era even in a game where you are playing your ass off defensively 24 is pretty low.
You should watch either the sixers or opponents of the Knicks more.
No I dont think I will
old man steve rogers has no time for that
You had me at You should watch either the sixers
Since they're pushing the Kobe angle so hard, I wouldn't be surprised if the guys go all out this year.
no team has played defense in an all star game in the past 5+ yrs lol it's just to limit injury opportunity while honoring Kobe
Should have been 81
1st quarter to 8 2nd quarter to 24 3rd quarter to 60 4th quarter to 81 First team to 163 wins
It'll be about the competitiveness of the game rather than the volume of points now.
Yeah couldn't they just do 32 (24+8)???
Yeah, great idea but the number should be higher. They could've made it 34 - Kobe's numbers plus GiGi's number added together.
It is. Here's last year's box score
The game could be done with 7 min left in the 4th lol
It should be the team that's behind has to score 81.
sounds like the Elam ending but happens WAAAAAY before the last 4:00 of the game
Should be 32
That’s weak af
The Final Target Score will be determined by taking the leading team’s total cumulative score through three quarters and adding 24 points They don't just reach 24, they add 24 to the leading teams total score and play to that.
Maybe the idea that "if we get stops, we can catch up" without a timer working against you will actually provide incentive to play some defense, like when Kobe locked down Lebron to protect a single digit lead in the clutch.
it seems like 3 rounds of 12 minutes each for the first 3 quarters. then the final quarter is a play to XX number???
Yeah they’ll play to “leading team’s score + 24”. Whoever gets to that total first will win. I like it.
Isn't that just a super modified Elam Ending?
Yes, they reference Elam ending in the article. Apparently NBPA head CP3 is a big fan of The Tournament and suggested it.
Elam ending is just a lot more enjoyable to watch than a foul fest.
Doesn’t he sponsor one of the teams in it every year?
Chris paul really with the assists both on and off the court.
Should call that 24 target the “Mamba Marker” or something to that effect...
Check out the big brain on /u/Twoweekswithpay
They kinda flubbed the wording. Instead of saying there's a score reset at the start of quarters, just say they're donating to the side that wins each quarter.
It cuts out that point in the middle where they’re just coasting. I think this could be a good change
The last few minutes of an all star game can be fun though. This way we get 4 end of game scenarios in a way, and it won't end up as a blowout with guys just screwing around at the end.
Yup. Too bad people aren’t willing to actually take the time and read it to understand so that they can give it a fair chance. I swear people just like complaining
The entire game is coasting. Do you watch it?
If it’s a close game near the end the players start getting a little competitive
I’ve read it 4 times and am still very confused
In case you're still confused, the first three quarters will be regular timed quarters. The winner of each individual quarter gets $100k for their charity. For the fourth quarter, they will turn off the game clock and add 24 to the higher team's score, making that the target score. First team to reach that target score gets $200k. EDIT: For clarity
Needed this explanation, thanks! I was reading a tweet about it like 4 times and still didn't get it haha
Yeah I think saying the score gets reset after every quarter makes it a lot more confusing than it needs to be.
Especially since the score doesn't really get reset.
That just made more sense to me than reading everything else did. Thanks. It actually sounds kind of fun. Hopefully that means some defense will get played in the 4th Q.
Cheers for the hyper clear explanation. This helped me get it.
24 points in the fourth quarter? That will take no time. Such a weird move.
Yeah I like it. The target score idea is cool and they were already considering it before Sunday. It also makes each quarter more meaningful this way.
The "reset" wording is the one where they made it more confusing for people because the score wasn't actually reset. It's just basically a "win the quarter = win charity money".
Silver be like - there's no 2pts or 3pts shots, all 1pt shots. - Every 10 buckets one shots get you 25pts. - If someone block the potential 25pts shot, his team wins 130pts. - if the game end in a tie, it's easy: summing the numbers of every player, the team who got an higher number - LOSE - if a player makes a turnover, he gets on the bench for 2 minutes. - if you perform an ankle breaker and then miss a shot, well that's a flagrant. - if the shorter player on the floor dunk on the taller one, the game ends immediately. - during the last minute of each quarter, players can't jump under any circumstance. etc...
The team that has the most points after the first quarter will win $100,000 for its charity. The same will apply to the second and third quarters. The scores get added for the fourth to set the target score — for example, if the score is 100-95 at that point, then the team that wins the All-Star Game will be the first to reach 124. This explains it pretty well.
The tweet is confusing. The article linked is much better: The team that has the most points after the first quarter will win $100,000 for its charity. The same will apply to the second and third quarters. The scores get added for the fourth to set the target score — for example, if the score is 100-95 at that point, then the team that wins the All-Star Game will be the first to reach 124.
It’s not really reseting the score. It would’ve been clearer if they said $ will be donated each quarter to the team that scored the most points in that quarter.
Yeah that would've made more sense, but resetting the score makes it feel like another game so maybe the players will care more.
Yeah I think resetting the score will help players forget about the overall game and care more about winning each quarter. For example is a Khris Mid heats up at makes a few threes in the the 2nd quarter to win it he gets a lot more exposure then if he just made the score go from 81 to 90
The other team is also more likely to defend him properly if the three's are making it 33-30 Team Giannis rather that 90-81 team Giannis
This should be the top comment. Terribly misleading title
[deleted]
They're not resetting the score, that's why the title sucks. They're tracking per-quarter and whole-game score simultaneously: Q1 ends 45-40 East, East charity gets $100k, scorekeepers say, alrighty, total score is 45-40 East, now let's start Q2. Then Q2 ends 35-30 East, East charity gets $100k, scorekeepers say, okay, total score is 80-70 East, now start Q3. Then Q3 ends 55-50 West, West charity gets $100k, scorekeepers say, okay, total score is 130-125 East, now the "finish line" is 154 (i.e., 130+24) so first team to 154 wins. Q4 begins, game finishes 154-153 East. East wins.
Wait what? So sorta like the Big 3 but what's the point of the first and 2nd quarter if it just resets? Ok, it's explained in the article. There’s at least $500,000 for charity at stake from the game alone. Each of the first three quarters is worth $100,000 — if there’s a tie, the money rolls over to the next quarter — and the final score is worth another $200,000. If one team sweeps all four quarters, the other team will receive $100,000 for its charity regardless. Interesting format...
but which charity? I for one hope they choose Comedy Relief.
im rooting for The Human Fund
Afghanistananis with AIDS
Who has AIDS?!
AAAAAAAAAAAAIDS
For the cure.
You made me rewatch that clip and they mention Kobe :(
Money for people
I'm people
TBA have done some great things with the Bluths
Another Festivus miracle
SERENITY NOW
There's a memo here from accounting telling me there's no such thing as the Human Fund.
The Amir Blumenfeld Foundation for Not Giving a Shit
I've always supported TBA.
The Greek Economy
If I had to guess, team captains will choose a charity or they let the team decide as a whole. edit: yep, looks like the captains will choose any chicago based organization
lemme guess, mamba foundation.
Not Chicago based
HOOP hopefully. Hands off our penis's
As a counterpoint, perhaps POOP? People Order Our Patties?
It's a doberman. Let it have its ears.
The JDL will be on the NBA's ass for that one.
Come on, guys. We still haven't found a cure to TBA
How are we still ignoring the lives that have been tragically impacted by graft vs host?
I’ve had a night to sleep on it and it still doesn’t feel real
It was terrible waking up today and realizing he’s still gone.
This one was the worst. I been in a haze all day yesterday. Been watching all the clips, all the blurbs, condolences. Woke up today hoping it wasn't true, but it still is. This one sucks so hard.
Honestly, I held it together all day yesterday then couldn’t sleep and spent a few hours just reading stuff, watching videos, and finally breaking down. I woke up this morning and it just still doesn’t feel real, like it was just a rumor or a bad dream
I couldn’t even sleep!
I couldn’t sleep either bro. Had no idea it was going to affect me the way it has. Watching him play on TV and do superhuman things as a kid with my friends around me will always be a part of my childhood. I got gradually sadder as the day went on and tossed and turned all night thinking about his wife and family after losing him and Gigi. This is so sad.
Bro it didn’t hit me til around 2am and I legit cried for like 30 mins. I haven’t been sad about an athletes death that much since Eddie Guerrero dies when I was like 10
Same here brother. Was tossin' and turning all night long.
I kept checking on my kids all night, just to see them sleeping and making sure they were ok.
I slept through the night but yeah I was checking faster than normal today.
Personally, i broke out my best scotch and got very very drunk.
I had work in four hours and all I was thinking about was how I needed sleep. Just couldn’t stop crying after finally getting to a private place after a busy day.
Still havent slept
Crying like a baby for hours helped me go to sleep... I didn't even get to know about basketball (and Kobe) for years and years like so many of you here, but seeing my bf's role model die was just too much. Even now, we're still numb, not believing it happened. It's just a nightmare awake.
I really can't do anything.
Went to the campus gym at my school once they opened and just put shots up. Hoping you recover as well as I have so far brother!
Work nightshift. Woke up randomly around 3pm yesterday and saw the headlines. Im like nah somebody is hacking Reddit hard. Then went back to sleep like no way is that real stop messing with me. I'm still in disbelief honestly waiting for someone to early April fools me.
I woke and while I was making breakfast I was thinking, "well how do they know it was Kobe's helo?" and then I realized what a dumb thought that was and then I was sad all over again
My favorite Kobe quote. Something we all can relate to in tough times. He said this to GOrdon Hayward after that horrible leg injury. “Be sad. Be mad. Be frustrated. Scream. Cry. Sulk. When you wake up you will think it was just a nightmare only to realize it’s all too real. You will be angry and wish for the day back, the game back THAT play back. But reality gives nothing back and nor should you. Time to move on and focus on doing everything in your power to prepare for surgery, ask all the questions to be sure you understand fully the procedure so that you may visualize it in your subconscious while being operated on and better the chance of it’s success. Then focus on the recovery process day by day by day. It’s a long journey but if you focus on the mini milestones along the way you will find beauty in the struggle of doing simple things that prior to this injury were taken for granted. This will also mean that when you return you will have a new perspective. You will be so appreciative of being able to stand, walk, run that you will train harder than you ever have. You see the belief within you grow with each mini milestone and you will come back a better player for it. Best of luck to you on this journey my brother #mambamentality always.” https://www.instagram.com/p/BaZQjy1gyv2/?hl=en
This is really apt and probably exactly what Kobe would say to us now, changing the stuff about surgery to be about moving on from death. The hardest parts, though, are the bits about "recovery" from a surgery vs. recovering from a death. Ugh.
God. We all lost yesterday. He was one of the greatest humans we had.
[deleted]
May Mamba and little Mambacita rest in peace.
Bean and Baby Bean.
Please Lakers build a statue of him and Gigi outside of the Staples
That’s a given
Maybe playing basketball
Her sitting on his shoulders shooting the ball.
Kobe Blocking her cause he ain't backing down to anyone
He didn’t believe in cutting people slack
still one of my favorite commercials. needed this laugh.
Her trying to get him to flinch and he just stands there like a statue
Man.. one of the GOAT Kobe moments
Is there a video of this?
https://youtu.be/BUdLLdR8Pow
He straight up had ice in his veins, what a legend
What a legend. Mark Jackson with the commentary "I might take Barnes out because we need him on the floor and he's not going to get in the head of Kobe Bryant, that's for sure."
My personal favorite Kobe moment of all time The birth of ‘mamba jaw’ is up there too.
this is a highly underrated comment - well executed
Lmfao
I hope you don’t get downvoted I needed a reason to laugh
I think her doing an unblock able fadeaway jumper over his tight defense would be fitting.
yes. or Him hoisting her up to dunk. Him wearing the 8. Her in the 24.
Honestly, he could have 3 statues outside of Staples and it would be fitting. One as #8 - would love if this was something with Shaq too. One as #24 - to highlight when he really made the Lakers his own. Would love something like him standing on the scorers table, arms stretched out after winning the championship. One with him and Gigi - something as simple as them sitting courtside, him teaching her about the game and just enjoying his life after retirement; an image I think most of us are more than familiar with since he stopped playing.
I was behind giving him 2, one for 8 and one for 24 but we need one celebrating him as a man. Hopefully they build this to celebrate how special the bond between Kob and Gigi was
I say instead you dedicate those two seats to them and leave them unoccupied from now on
I feel like Kobe wouldn't want to be the reason two fans couldn't see basketball live.
Yep...put a plaque on them and donate them to a local shelter or something and let a couple of kids come to each game.
Wow this would be perfect
Great idea!
That's too much money for the NBA to pass up imo, maybe a plaque or memorial chairs and they can charge a special premium for the Kobe seats. That sounds more like something owners would do. I'm a fan of the idea I'm just making a twisted joke about greed I mean we see players regularly get injured because the NBA refuses to move back the cameramen or court side seats to leave some space.
Valencia CF, a soccer team in Spain put a statue of one of their fans in the stadium seats. The fan was a life long fan that went to every single game growing up. When he got older the fan became blind, missed a couple games and said fuck it, I am going back to the games because although I cannot see it, I can at least hear and feel the atmosphere of the fans. This year is also the 100th year of the clubs existence but sadly the fan passed away. The club built a statue of the fan and he remains there all season. HERE is the video Valencia CF made to dedicate it to the fan. Some real tear jerk stuff HERE is the picture of the stadium with the fan's statue
To be fair, he wasn't courtside and the football stadium holds more than twice as many people as the Staples Center
And Kobe wasn't just a lifelong fan, don't act like he doesn't deserve a bigger tribute.
You’re being downvoted but you’re absolutely correct. No shot they leave two court side seats like that empty forever. However a plaque or something would be awesome.
Lol, the Lakers can afford to put a couple seats away. NBA has no say in the first place.
They probably cant. This would be worse than the lifetime seats AA offered back in the day, Cuban infamously called it the best investment of his life.
[deleted]
He would get one regardless of this tragedy :(
He would. But including Gigi would be incredible. I hope they do this
he needs a MONUMENT for the entire city of LA, not just a statue at the staples center
Is it a bad idea if they could somehow capture the moment of them courtside? How he was explaining a play to her. Could be a different take than an on court moment. Either way I imagine the Lakers have already talked about it.
200 feet tall made of solid gold
And it still wouldn't be tall enough
Fuck man, this is LA. with all the shit problems we got going on here, we will find the funds and manpower to get this done.
It will definitely be there
I'm from Portugal, 35yo. When I was growing up, on Sunday afternoons there was an "NBA Action" program on TV in which we followed Michael Jordan's greatest accomplishments. It was awesome but I was a little young to fully appreciate the game and the GOAT. Fast forward to high school, my class is merged with the sports students curriculum and we have this friend of ours who is ALL Kobe Bryant. The only kid with a huge NBA Jersey in school, and in P.E. he does all the Kobe moves, and does them well. We bonded over basketball and I get back into watching NBA at 23pm, 00pm, 01am, just to see Kobe & company, and he was amazing. Became my favorite, even over Jordan. We haven't spoke >10 years, but today that colleague was the first person I messaged when I saw the news. He's crushed and so am I. RIP Mamba.
Português aqui, da mesma geração. Único jogador da NBA de quem tenho uma camisola, comprada no início dos 00s. It hits hard. :(
RIP Mamba. No RIP for Mamba. When he gets to the afterlife, he's going to outwork and outball everyone there, not rest.
Spaniard here. We had NBA Action as well on sundays! Great memories. Grande Kobe
I’m an NBA fan moved to the US from China seven years ago. I just want to share how great influence Kobe Bryant has in China. Yesterday’s news hit me really hard, and I didn’t know how to process it. Many times, I woke up from sleep last night, and I still couldn’t believe that it was true. I opened my Chinese social media WeChat, and all I could see was that everyone was posting photos of Kobe and mourning for him. I mean literally everyone, from hardcore basketball fans to people who seemed to have no interest in the sport at all. Even my 85 year old grandma wrote something about Kobe. That’s how I realize Kobe’s legacy has went beyond countries and sports. MJ made NBA a global sport in the 1990s, Yao opened the door of NBA for the Chinese fans in the early 2000s, and Kobe was the face of the league in that era. It’s safe to say that Kobe is THE biggest international athlete in China. In the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Opening Ceremony, Kobe was the only non-Chinese athlete who got over 10 seconds screen time on the CCTV (Chinese Central TV). After the Daryl Murray incident last year, the CCTV hasn’t broadcast one single game or any NBA news including the pass of David Stern. However, CCTV decided to air the news for Kobe this time. “Have you seen Los Angeles at 4 AM? I see it often because that’s when I start training.” Almost every Chinese basketball fan can tell you this quote from Kobe. “Los Angeles at 4 AM” has since become the symbol of hard-working and persistence in Chinese pop culture. Students studying hard for exams, workers working long hours, people from all walks of life have been using this phrase to encourage each other. They may not know how many championship rings Kobe had or who Black Mamba was, but Mamba Mentality has already planted it roots in a country thousands miles away encouraging people everyday to go out and be the best of themselves. I believe Kobe would be in his great signature smile if he knew this. Thank you ???
Los Angeles at 4am. I love that.
I’ll never forget you Kobe, you’ll always be my favorite player. I love you.
I don’t post often on reddit anymore but I wanted to leave a message on this thread because Kobe meant a lot to me. I started watching basketball religiously in 1998 when I saw Kobe drop 33 points in one half against the Magic. After that, he was easily my favourite player. I followed the entirety of his career - I watched him get booed in Philly at the ASG, I saw him demand a trade, I saw players and fans turn on him, and then I saw the greatest redemption story in sports - the championships, the reconciliation with Shaq, and now, the mentor role he had taken with today's players. I have never dealt with death before and when I first heard the news yesterday I went numb. It sounded like a fake headline. I just kept saying "WHAT?!" over and over. Legends aren't supposed to die randomly at 41 on a routine flight to a basketball game. I cried seeing Trae Young's instagram post. I cried seeing Shaw crack. I cried seeing Jay Williams cry. It was okay to cry. This morning I woke up and it still all just felt like a dream. It doesn't sound real. It can't be real. Kobe - thank you for giving me some of the best moments of my life. Watching you hit the game winner against the Suns in 06 allowed me to yell and scream in jubilation at my brother who always rooted against you; seeing you win the championship in 09 allowed me to run around my college residence screaming at the top of my lungs; your final 60 point game allowed me to share my favourite player's last game with my now wife. You touched my life and my mentality towards success In so many ways. RIP Kobe and Gianna.
I cried seeing Trae Young's instagram post. I cried seeing Shaw crack. I cried seeing Jay Williams cry. It was okay to cry. Doc Rivers bro. Shit gets me
Yeah that was gut wrenching ?
I could've written this myself. Much love fellow fan. Life is cruel sometimes - hold onto your family and appreciate your time with them.
Tried taking my mind off of what happened to Kobe and decided to go for a walk. In 2 hours of walking I passed by 5 public courts all packed with ballers of different generations, everyone wearing Kobe gear. Even passed by a group of guys pouring one out for the Mamba while watching highlights. Even when the news came out, my family members (except my dad who is also a bball fan) who know nothing about basketball, especially the NBA, came up to me and quickly asked me how I was doing. They know how much Kobe means to me. This is actually fucking stupid because I've never experienced grieving for someone. Grandparents died before I was born and the ones I grew up with up until now - my family and friends- are all still complete. Kobe's death is literally the first experience of grief I've ever had and shit's just so heavy. Never felt as bad as this even when other celebrities/musicians I idolized died. And I say all of this as a person who got into the NBA because of Shaq, yes when they feuded and Shaq was traded I was on his side and treated Kobe as the villain. From being a bench player up until winning an Oscar, I've followed Kobe. I went through all sorts of feelings from liking him, despising him, loving him but I damn sure respected him through all of it. I was so looking forward to Kobe's post-playing life. Shows, documentaries, commentating games, talk show appearances, mentoring new players, future WNBA courtside perfect attendance dad and now those are all just what ifs. Feel sorry for his family especially his wife, it's only been 6 months since the youngest was born. She has to go through all that without Kobe. I never want to know how it feels to lose a partner and a child at the same time and I hope nobody else does. Life is fucking brutal.
Ugh. Told myself not to even try redditing today. You summed it up beautifully. Might have to be away for a while, just painful to read it all.
Yeah I just got to work and was reading this but I've got to stop. I wouldnt be able to keep it all together all day
I’ve never really been hit hard by a celebrity death before. But this one has really gotten to me. Kobe meant so much to me as a player and as a person. I will never forget that gut wrenching feeling I had when I woke up to the news of the accident. It’s also so incredibly sad that his daughter, only 13, didn’t get to live the life she deserved to have. You can’t help but think about what Vanessa is going through right now after losing her husband and daughter. This is just unbelievable, it hasn’t set in yet and I don’t think it will for a while. Although he won’t be there to make his speech, his Hall or Fame induction is going to be one to remember. The man was 41, he had just 4 years as a full time parent and he had a whole life ahead of him that he didn’t get to experience. Gianna’s dreams of playing in the WNBA and continuing on the Bryant legacy is no longer a possibility. She was a 13 year old kid, her life had hardly begun before it was taken away. Kobe, you were a true legend of the game and an inspiration to me and millions of others. You won’t ever be forgotten.
I didn’t expect a celebrity death to hit me this hard either. Usually it’s sad, but not decimating. This left me feeling like I didn’t want to do anything for the rest of the day yesterday. And I still felt weird when I woke up this morning. I’m usually one to look on the bright side of things, but it’s hard with this. It’s too tragic.
I woke up for my night shift and saw the news yesterday. I cried for about 2 hours before going in. I didn't want to talk to anyone or even have to function. Celebrity deaths don't usually impact me but damnnn this one hurt. This man inspired an entire globe! Bigger than basketball. More than athlete. Much love Kobe ??????
There's really no other way to put it except that it just hurts. To watch the evolution of not only his game and basketball career but even more so the man that he would be become has been amazing. You could see as the years went on he traded bravado for confidence yet never wavered in his commitment to the game. As he matured he began letting the layers peel off so the world could see what was inside. From this cocky kid with a chip on his shoulder and everything to prove to this decorated champion with all the accolades and nothing left to prove. He gave us two brilliant halves of his basketball career, #8 and #24, and I'm saddened the world doesn't get to see what he would have done in the second half of his amazing life. Damn...damn...damn...
I think we can all relate with you today. When the news broke it was crippling and didn't feel real. When TMZ's site went down I was on Kobe's Twitter refreshing it for nearly 10 minutes hoping he would tweet out it wasn't real. I had to leave the room from my wife and daughter a few times to let out my emotions but it got to the point where I just had to grieve and we all just supported each other. All we can do is take it one day at a time and keep the Bryant family in our prayers.
yeah this morning man just wasn't a real morning to me..
I live in the Philippines and haven't slept yet since receiving the news. For y'all who have slept, it seems you woke up to the same reality. Fuck
I don’t follow basketball. But as a wife and mom this hurts me. I feel so much for his wife and kids :( I lost my father. For most of everyone they lost a role model or a celebrity. But his family lost their everything.
This doesn’t feel real..
I woke up this morning genuinely confused thinking it was a bad dream. Today the reality is soaking in and it's just so surreal.
Same feeling. My brain is just rejecting it. I cry and shake my head, just failing to even comprehend how tragic this is. This feels like when my grandma died. I knew it was real but I couldn’t accept it. When it finally hit me I cried for an hour.
I have the same feeling when i saw the news. This was literally heart breaking for us fans and to his family. Also i was rooting for her daughter gigi to be the mamba version on wnba but we lost both of them. This is too sad in and out.
It honestly doesn't, just thinking about Kobe being dead is so surreal. He was one of those guys that you just expected to live forever.
Still can't believe it. Kobe was the reason I hoop and I would have never imagined him going out this way, so early in his life. His daughter was shaping up to be a star, so much potential that we'll never get to witness. This is just shitty on so many levels. Celebrity deaths never hit me so hard but it's fucking Kobe man...
When the entire globe knows you by your first name. I could only dream of inspiring a percent of the people he inspired. Just like everyone else, doesn't feel real. When the Thunder first came to OKC, the first NBA game I ever went to. A girlfriend gave me tickets and it was against the Lakers. The first time I ever walked into the actual arena at the Peak and saw it all, I had tears in my eyes. And the first person I ever saw warming up with my own two eyes was Kobe. I'll never forget it. Thanks for the memories and I can only hope and pray the Bryant family is able to move past this.
I was literally choking back tears in the break room at work yesterday when I found out. I had no idea how hard this was gonna hit me either. It's so terrible.
Hopefully you let it out when you got home
It still feels unreal, waking up to the worst news. I am a fan who never met Kobe but am truly heartbroken. I cannot imagine the pain and suffering his wife and children are going through at the moment.
Preach
Well said...rest in peace Kobe & GiGi
I woke up this morning with an empty feeling. I didn't know Kobe personally, but his legacy and aura made me feel as if I've lost someone from the community. Someone kids and adults could look up to. I'm holding back tears and it's as if I have something in my throat. This is a sad few days so far.
Bill Simmons was right, yesterday was the saddest day in NBA history
This is the saddest month in NBA history
The rest of the NBA decade better be fucking dope.
The NBA has never lost a bigger star...
Wilt is the only one that's comparable, but that was 20 years ago and he was 63
Dear Kobe, You broke my heart. My Spurs flair alone is probably testament enough to that. I was just young enough that His Airness was starting to ride off into the sunset, so my entire childhood you haunted me (Derek Fisher and 0.4 notwithstanding) and after the three-peat I thought we were safe. But seeing you so effortlessly and ruthlessly handle teams, including mine, even in your down years, kept me checking under my bed for The Boogeyman wearing 8. I wasn't the only one you haunted. You came back. Really, you never left. From the mid to the late 00's you crept, you metamorphosed into a devil in purple and gold, The Black Mamba, Number 24. I thought you the Destroyer of Worlds. You willed 81 points into the history books using your blood, sweat, and tears. You dragged the ancient Celtic-Lakers battles of the past into the present day, kicking and screaming, and laid them bare before us, daring us to find a more important historical backbone to this league that we love. You were a historian, making history. Vino. A boogeyman less and less everyday, but someone who still found another gear, and made every game close when he visited the Alamo City in his twilight years. Even in your last year, the farewell tour you wanted to avoid, you pushed foes, stars, young and old, to their brink, even as you were hobbled and limped off the floor some nights. And then April 13th, 2016 you chose to burn your name into the stars one last time. All those hurts and pain you had inflicted when I watched you, they washed away for one night, and I was your biggest fan. We all were. You were down, the Jazz looked to have the game locked up, and the youngbloods on the team were passing you the ball so you could at least go out scoring in what looked to be your final loss. 4th quarter. 82-70 Utah. 9:38 left in the game. Left in your career. You had 37. Your J was gone, and I saw, truly, that you were just a man, heaving, huffing, puffing, drenched in sweat. But one last time, you wanted to be The Boogeyman. You kept finding the basket. I kept screaming in joy for this Laker dream crusher. It was almost a religious experience, I couldn't believe what I was watching. In what felt like a blink of the eye, you had 60 points, the Jazz had collapsed in the face of your immutable will, and the Staples Center sounded like it would come crashing down. Mamba Out. You left. The game was a little emptier. You became an elder statesman more and more everyday, and important to a new generation. You breathed life into a poem and won an Oscar. You were the next Bill Russell. I wondered what you'd say at his funeral. Your own Hall of Fame induction. But now? All I'm left wondering is what will Russell say at yours? Jordan? The Zen Master? Superman? Tim, Manu, and Tony? The King? What would Gianna have changed about the WNBA? What ripples would those other lost souls that day have made? Yesterday, you did it again, Kobe Bryant. You broke my heart. RIP Edit: Cleaned up minor grammar issues I couldn't see earlier through the tears.
From one Spurs fan to another you couldn't have said it much better. Went from a guy I loathed as a kid to a guy I really respected and appreciated as I got older. I used to hate his sneer as he hit dagger after dagger; but then I grew up and grew to love hearing the eloquent way he would talk about the game, both strategically and psychologically. I was looking forward to his HoF enshrinement with Tim and KG more than just about any other basketball event in my life time.
Especially with Tim and KG as part of the HOF nominees this year. Seeing Kobe say a word for them would have really been something too.
Man... that last part really hit me. This letter was beautiful. Thanks for that. RIP Mamba :(
This is beautiful. I’m crying again.
Didn't need to cry again but thanks
Beautiful.
Great job articulating exactly how I feel about Kobe. I really can't believe he's gone. Most guys are content to just sit back and do nothing after they are done, but he was still grinding away, working hard to make himself as successful after his basketball career as he was during it, but now he had the luxury to spend more time with his family, coaching Gigi's teams, helping her carry on the Bryant basketball legacy. That's why her passing with Kobe hurts so much. RIP to Kobe, Gigi, and everybody else who perished in that crash. I'm fucking gutted.
this was beautiful my man
His death was so unexpected and he seemed to want to support young talent in every turn, which means so much. I saw Shaq's son posts about the text messages Kobe sent him when he was going through surgery. It also hits me extra hard because I am a fairly new father. I was never afraid of dying before. Didn't want to die but it wasn't a scary thing for me. But then I had kids. The thought of not being there, of not being able to watch them grow and flourish and not being able to help them along the way scares me. My thoughts are with his family who lost him and a daughter/ sister. And also to the other families. This is already a difficult time and seeing photos of the wreckage on the media cannot help. Such a loss, so sad.
What hurts even more is what the people on the helicopter had to experience in their final moments. Imagine as a father being helpless to protect your own daughter in that moment. So many things about this situation is so tragic.
yeah exactly. That was what I thought too. a death in the family is always tough, but when it's an accident it's just so tough to deal. I lost a sibling in a car accident a long long time ago, and it's just so hard to understand that they are gone, so suddenly, so unexpectedly.
I'm not sure that it really makes any difference, but aviation reporting is making it seem like they crashed into the hill while still in fog, so they never knew what happened. Not really a comfort, maybe slightly less terrible to imagine.
Yep going 180mph into basically a brick wall should be pretty instantaneous death. Hope so anyway.
Mods deleted my post, so. Wrote this when he retired and it's the same reasons I hurt then why I hurt like hell now: I remember the first time I learned about the NBA. My family would go to Manila to visit family and as an eight year old, my instinct was to skip the hugs and kisses and head straight to my uncle’s computer cafe to play games. One of the games on the PCs happened to be NBA Live 2001. I am by no means an athletic child or a particularly adept gamer, but I was thrilled by the sport being played out before me. My older cousins had all chosen to play as the Lakers, so of course, I did too. They seemed the most debonair, with their gold jerseys edged with purple. A few months after, I saw my first NBA game. It was grainy footage played on VCR at a relative’s house. The game was May 13, 2001, Game 4 of Lakers vs. Kings in the Western Conference Semifinals. At one point, a slim guard with an afro missed a layup then fought through 3 other players (all taller and bigger than him) to get his own offensive rebound and make the basket in his second try. He was, in a sport meant to be played as a team, an individual. Even then, #8 struck me as selfishly absorbed in the game. This man--playing a sport I knew nothing about and in a country over 8,000 miles away from mine--understood what it was to have a singular purpose: to win. I was ten years old when my family moved to America. I started 5th grade in December and tried to learn how the country worked. I would spend everyday at recess walking back and forth on the concrete edge between grass and woodchips, talking to myself. At home I’d go on YouTube and watch the viral videos of the 00s--Numa Numa, Badger Badger Snake, Smosh, and--of course--basketball highlights. Eventually, I learned where to find live streams of games. I read articles and studied every statistic. I went on basketball forums and blogs and learned how to trash talk with the best of them. Being a Laker fan made me feel part of a community, even as I remained alien at school and in my actual community. Being a Kobe fan helped me feel alright with that. Kobe never seemed to care about his teammates. He never seemed to care about glory or fame. He did not even seem to care about being labeled a criminal all that much. During that time, he looked mostly irritated that his mind had to be preoccupied with something other than basketball. It was comforting to watch someone be so consumed with not failing that he drove himself to heights of greatness beyond what he was supposed to. It was encouraging to know that someone can be so consumed by not failing that he often drove himself to failure. I cried myself to sleep because my classmates made fun of my accent. Then I spent hours reading books and looking up how unfamiliar words were pronounced. I would say them over and over until I pronounced them correctly, like an American. My mother would open my door and ask why I was talking to myself. I learned how to make relevant cultural references, what music to listen to, and made friends. I was quickly seen as the straight-A nerd, a leader in the community and the various clubs I was in. I graduated high school in three years and made it to a top public university where I found success as a student and in my job. All effort was made into a singular purpose: to win. I worked so hard and was so consumed with not failing that I drove myself to insanity. Every perceived failure was a devastating blow to my ego. I would beat myself up over and over until I got it right. Through it all I watched Kobe going through the same experiences. The triumph of a made buzzer beater that would win us the game. The tragedy of trying to take over because he would not bring himself to trust his teammates, so he would end up making 21% from the field and lose the game for us. During games when he was missing every shot, Kobe seemed unable to control himself. He would keep firing missed jumper after missed jumper. I’m not gonna stop, the blank stare seemed to say, until I get it right. When I read his retirement letter, I cried. I cried not because basketball is losing one of its greatest players, or because he never did surpass Jordan. I cried because when I watch basketball next year, I’m going to look out into that court and no longer see a kindred spirit. So, to Kobe: Thank you. Thank you for having a will so stubborn that for years, you would not accept you were human. Thank you for a goodbye letter that was not addressed to your teammates, your fans, your family, nor your friends, but to the sport. Thank you for the sincere love you have for what you chose to do. Thank you for having no other purpose other than to over-achieve. Thank you. Because even though we, with you being a 6 foot 6 inch tall incredibly athletic black man and me being a 5 foot tall completely unfit and slightly chubby Filipina woman, could not be any more different, we carry a same singularity of purpose that made me feel less alone. Always, A fan. *EDIT: Thank you for the silvers and gold and the supportive comments. It helps that I'm not alone in mourning. Hope everyone has a good day.
Crazy how many emotional posts just like this were taken down last night by the moderators.
Seriously disappointing. If there was ever a day to let most any post stay up, it was yesterday. Mods really screwed the pooch on this. He was like this generations Clemente or John Lennon.
If they didn’t take down every non-news related post, a majority of which is people looking for easy karma, /new would be an absolute shit show. That’s why there’s a megathread
Dude why? If you let up reaction vent posts from everyone this sub would be filled with low effort content. Mods obviously didn’t need to delete as much as they did but it takes just one to click delete
[deleted]
lmao i wrote out a whole ass post before i realized the /s
Your comment saved me from doing the same so godspeed to you
Been to the Philippines, Manila once and can tell you that I experienced going to an internet cafe and playing NBA, great time tbh and my introduced me to it
Thanks. Loved reading this
This might be what Roberto Clemente’s death felt like back then.
I saw Kobe at Disney World once. He didn't have a security team, there was one big dude with him & his family but I assumed it was his buddy not security. It was probably security looking back though. Anyway, I didn't want to fangirl or anything. I just kinda lined up our paths and held out a fist as I walked by. He fist bumped me and gave a little nod. And that was that. Just a dope little memory of mine that he surely never remembered but I never forgot. Always seemed like a genuine dude who was always aware of his impact/influence and always used it in a positive way. Not much more you could ask for in a public figure.
That's a nice story, thanks for sharing that
That's cool man, I saw him in disneyland last year and before I saw him in person all day I'd hear people talking in lines how Kobe was in the park. Ended up sitting behind him later in the day on the matterhorn and he blocked that icy wind perfectly. Cool dude
I have tried to put into words why Kobe's death affected me so hard, and I think I finally came to the decision that it was because: he was invincible. He was a different kind of star. Most athletic stars do things that we didn't think were humanly possible. But Kobe did things that we didn't think were possible from him he accomplished things by a sheer force of will that he was written off from doing. Like hitting 2 free throws with a torn Achilles, or putting up 60 in his last game. RIP GOAT
Skip framed it best for me. "I had to confront my own mortality. If Kobe can die, anyone can die."
I assured my wife last night that I was sad about this loss a LITTLE bit but not like I was seeing everyone else reacting to it, and mind you, I'm a huge Lakers and Kobe fan. My wife, not being largely into any sports in general, wanted to know what was so great about this guy that people are feeling like this. I explained that his achievements as a player are unquestionably worth all praise but ultimately it's just a game and there are far greater things to shed tears about... Then, after a long pause, I said, "I'll tell you what DOES make me sad about this is his family..." and suddenly I burst into tears and I couldn't stop crying and I couldn't talk and my wife, surprised, starting quietly crying too. After a little composure, I explained that the saddest part to this story is his family, his wife, his other daughters, who finally, after taking a back seat, patiently waiting for Dad to chase his dreams and silence his critics and slay his demons, FINALLY get Dad to themselves, only to get three brief years, no doubt the best three years they've had as a family thus far, to now have to find it in themselves to try to move on and try to carry the torch of the "Mamba Mentality". I feel so sad now and I get the sadness everyone is feeling. It forces me to grieve my personal losses because it's not the games he played that's causing people's grief. It's the mortality we all face, the realization that unfortunate events cannot be tamed or stopped or bought or influenced by fame, fortune, goals or good intentions. He was no angel, not perfect, but he acknowledged it, and worked hard to redeem himself and his family. I keep thinking about his last moments and as sad as the images in my imagination are, I certainly hope there was little to no suffering and I hope that being with Gianna made it a little easier for each other. It breaks my heart. I'm so sad. May the Bryant's find peace and comfort soon.
It really gives you pause to stop and appreciate the people in your life. I lost my pops a couple of years ago to pancreatic cancer. He went from seemingly healthy and golfing everyday to gone in a little over a month. You story reminds me of how my daughter handled it. She was 13 at the time. She is a very stoic, unemotional kid and when we got the diagnosis, she didn't really even react. My dad loved golf. He literally played every day. My daughter is also a golfer and a really good one. At 13, she was already shooting mid-high 70s from the women's tees. Pops always bragged about her to his golfing buddies and he loved taking her out to his course and having her play with all of them. A few weeks after we learned that he only had a couple of months left at most, she and I were driving over to my parents to visit with him. She still hadn't cried or reacted to what was happening. We were talking about him and I reminded her of something he always used to say over the past few years back before we learned about the cancer. He used to always say that he had lived a great life but the only thing he really wanted going forward was to live long enough to travel around and watch her play in college. As soon as I said that, she completely broke down and just started bawling. She couldn't stop crying and then I started crying and we had to pull over and just sit there crying and hugging each other. Shit, I'm tearing up typing this out. Its times like these where I hope we can stop and look around at the people around us, the people that we love and that love us and let them know. Call your mom and tell her you love her. Call your grandparents and let them know you thinking about that time that something happened. Grab your kid no matter how old they are and hug them that few extra seconds and let them know that you're proud of them. Whether you're a multi-millioniaire star athlete and a regular guy just trying to get by, the only thing that really makes life meaningful are those people around us.
Stuart Scott is calling Kobe highlights upstairs now
“What were you doing when the Warriors broke the ‘96 Bulls regular season record?” “Watching Kobe drop 60 in his last game vs. Utah”
i just managed to listen to jerry west's interview. "i felt like i've lost a son. an i'm...i'm frankly not doing very well" oh my god
Poor Jerry. He looked so devastated on tv.
As a teen, I was in a deep depression and I felt like nothing mattered. My grades sucked, my mom had high hopes and I let her down. When I got to college, I wasted away my first quarter with more of the same bad habits I had in high school. Then I watched a postgame interview of Kobe's. And I got into watching more of his videos. The things he said resonated with me. A lightbulb clicked. His message remained constant: "Put in tireless, relentless effort, and you'll have what you want in life. I guarantee it." So I did. I spent hours locked away in the library, studying. When I felt like quitting, I asked myself what Kobe would do. And I got my reward. Dean's list, graduated with honors, and a good job out of college. Those are Kobe's honors, not mine. And honestly, they don't even matter. What mattered was the satisfaction of knowing I gave 110% effort. Win or lose, I tried my best and I wouldn't have regretted it regardless of the outcome. I may never have met him, but he impacted me and I'll forever be grateful for him. I'll sum up the wisdom I gained from Kobe for anyone who needs it: Put in the work, put in the time, be obsessed with whatever skill you want to get better at or goal you have for yourself. Let it dominate every thought in your head. Constantly ask yourself how you can improve, even a little bit, today. Ask yourself this every day. One step at a time, keep moving forward. Don't worry about yesterday or about tomorrow, just about taking that one step today. Soon you'll look back and wonder how you got as far as you did
Those are Kobe's honors, not mine. YOU earned those honors and made the decision to make yourself better. Think of Kobe as giving you the assist....Kobe would be proud to assist you, and others, if it lead to a win (in life). Your determination to turn your life around is very inspiring! Kobe's inspiration of others like you means he lives on in the hearts and minds of so many...RIP Kobe.
Thank you for this.
Mods. Put this mod post in the megathread.
Mods: All posts from dozens/hundreds of former and current players/celebrities belong in one thread where no one will talk about them individually because that’s how every megathread in history has worked. Also mods: let me pin this lame ass paragraph I copy/pasted from Facebook and don’t even mention the other victims to feel important about my position of power. Fuck the mods.
Megathreads are fucking pointless - so what if the board gets flooded? Fucking Kobe Bryant died and people want to grieve. Let them. Seeing the global impact of Kobe and how he has affected literally thousand of top athletes among millions of "regular" people shouldn't just be chugged together in a megathread.
Reported for self-promotion Not that it matters. Fucking atrocious, but what more do we expect from this joke of a mod team.
Lmao. It's really weird how they've chosen to moderate content re: Kobe's death. Let the upvote/downvote system in the "new" queue work itself out at a time like this.
Saying that the mods here are shitty is akin is saying that the sky is blue - it’s known and accepted as life.
I'm gonna be honest, the /r/nba mods are usually pretty good. They're far less draconian than those at /r/nfl and /r/baseball and they're about on par with /r/hockey in terms of letting silly stuff balance with the serious stuff. They're not handling the Kobe stuff well (seriously just let it spam the sub, it's a once in a life time event) but on average I think they do a good job.
[deleted]
No mention of Gigi or the other victims in this post... pinned mega thread with 17k comments is gone not even a day after the event but now /u/elbenji gets the attention with his words? Good job mods
Unbelievable how this low effort shitpost by the same mod that made the mega thread is up yet they kept on deleting videos of tributes last night
How many mods are there? Can they delete each other's post?
This bloke is just farming the gilds
Don't gild this thread please anyone who sees this. Absolute nonsense from the mods, they didn't even leave the Shaq thread up, deleting at least 20(of which i saw, not sure how many were actually deleted). How do you justify not having Shaq's reaction up? Someone was camping to delete every Shaq post immediately after tge news broke. And now creating another "memorium" thread. Ya right, go put this in the megathread like you guys wanted to, how about that. Absolute joke to make a legend's death about yourselves, disgusting. And they'll probably delete the comments calling their behavior out. Screenshot this comment if you see it, i bet you these mods are gonna delete posts criticising them. A couple above are gone already. Cowards.
How come the mods won’t answer any of the complaints??? They just silently laughing in their private chat?
Consider contributing to the Kobe & Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation in lieu of gildings
For someone who never really witnessed MJ's prime, Kobe was our MJ. RIP Black Mamba and Mambacita.
I’m a 36 year old man from Finland. I’ve been following the NBA from MJ’s third championship. That means I saw one game and after that just read everything I could. This was pre-internet and I was 9 so it started slowly but surely. Kobe was my favourite player after MJ was done. After a while I decided to hate the Lakers and ”hating” on Lakers was a lot fun because Kobe was so freaking good. I have a lot of good memories of him and I’m grateful to have seen his whole basketball career. I enjoyed still seeing him near the game, like just a while back when he was courtside and shared a moment with Luka. When I got the news I was dumbfounded. I couldn’t believe it. It got more real during the day today. I was keeping the tears in for the whole day at work and when I got home I just let it out. Couldn’t help it. I was surprised... here I am; 36 year old male, crying for a dude I never even met. But I feel like I knew him. I feel like I’m part of a big basketball family today and we all mourn together. There’s something beautiful in all of this. Still wish it wasn’t true. Miss you already Kobe, rest easy. You too Gigi.
I was at brunch with the lady and just starting crying right there in the restaurant. She had no idea what I was crying for, and I've never met the guy either. But being 29 now, growing watching the game, playing competitive basketball and Jordan being at the end of his career. He was the one you wanted to be. The pinnacle of greatness. What it was to be a hooper and not "soft." He was Superman. So when I read the headlines to me all I saw was that 'Superman is dead' is the only way I can describe it. Because even though I never met Kobe, he was apart of my life almost daily. Even if it was just in the form of watching the game, playing 2K/Live, highlight videos, or just yelling "Kobe!" on a shot.
A few years ago I was going through a rough patch in my life. I had an addiction problem, was severely depressed, and had no positive prospects in my life. I spent a lot of nights watching Kobe highlights, watching interviews with him, wishing that I could be like him, or at least have a fraction of his mentality about life so that I too could be a winner. He's always been my favorite basketball player since childhood; I had Lakers gear because of him, one of favorite birthday presents ever was a Kobe signature hoodie and track pants set. During his last season, I got to finally see him play in person for the first time. I was in the nosebleeds and it was just a midseason game, but it was still magical. I was glued to my laptop screen watching him hit 60 during his farewell game, which was so inspiring. I'm doing well today and all of that seems like a distant memory now (including my own troubles) but Kobe was always a lighthouse for me, a perfect example for how to be. I love you Kobe, thanks for everything, I'll miss you and I wish your family strength as they get over the loss of an amazing father and daughter.
Great comment man; hope you are doing better
It still doesn't feel real. Basketball has been a huge part of my life ever since I could remember. Even though I spent my 26 years rooting against him and his team, I still had an enormous amount of respect for him on and off the court. Kobe was a different kind of person, there was just something about him. A killer instinct that only a select few athletes have. His personal drive could be felt through the TV. It always felt hopeless when you saw him get going and it was spectacular (also depressing for my team) to watch. I cried on and off all day yesterday, watching/reading all the teams, players, coaches, celebrities, friends, family, and strangers across every sport, fandom, hobby, entertainment medium, and social media sites give tribute to Kobe, his daughter, and the others that were on board. Kobe transcended basketball and sports all together and showed us what hard work can do for someone, Mamba Mentality. Now, as I'm fighting back tears writing this, sitting at my desk, next to my large picture of Jordan guarding Kobe, I feel almost empty. Something is missing, and it won't be filled for a while. I've never owned Laker merch outside of the Lakers Shaq jersey my friend gave me in middle school as a joke (which I buried deep in my closet and never wore) but I think I'm going to break that streak and go get a Kobe jersey in his honor, maybe I'll shadowbox it, who knows? I'll never stop saying your name whenever I'm at the park or throwing away a ball of paper Kobe. I miss you and the basketball world won't be the same without you and your daughter to make your marks. R.I.P. Kobe Bryant and Gianna Bryant
I’ve been a Lakers fan my whole life, chose to wear #8 on all my soccer teams because of Kobe. I’ve been lucky that I’ve never had to deal with a loss of a loved one or family, I never thought someone’s passing who I never even met would hit me so hard. I thought I had things under control until my Dad texted me. “You have probably heard the news about Kobe by now. One of the best of nights of my life was seeing him go off and sharing it with you. I still have the tickets.” This was a game in 06/07 my that my Dad took me too. Kobe scored 60+ right in front of us. I had no idea my Dad looked at that night so fondly. Reading about how much Kobe loved being a father made me realize that my Dad felt the same way. These small moments we as kids might take for granted really do mean the world to our parents. I turn 30 in a few weeks and this whole tragedy has really made me take a step back and reevaluate what’s important in life. I don’t have much more to say, this is all still very difficult. Just tell your loved ones you love them. Thanks for reading.
That sounds like an amazing memory, I'm glad you got to experience that with your father.
Man I’m a New Yorker down to the bunions and hated Kobe and hated on him in a way that would’ve made him proud. But I’d be lying if I said I wouldn’t have dumped a body in the Hudson if it meant 20 years of Kobe playing in the north east. He was everything sports should be about. A guy you either love 100% or hate 100% and no in between. But he played the game in a way and left a mark on this sport and this world that is really unmatched and never will be matched. This is truly a devastating tragedy that puts life into perspective in such a fucked up way that you’re reminded of how beautiful it is to be able to celebrate and witness a player like Kobe and how very very important it is to let the people who care about you know you care about them. That’s all that matters in life. RIP Kobe And these are the men we should cry for and celebrate and Prop up and be immortalized for the legendary human beings they were before their life tragically ended. Kobe transcended basketball and seeing him after retirement was just so beautiful to see him enjoying every minute he got to spend with his family. No family deserves to lose their husband and daughter on their way to a basketball game Sunday morning but knowing it was Kobe and his daughter is so surreal. I figured Kobe would just beat the grim reaper in 1on1 forever. He will love on forever thru his basketball accomplishments but Kobe the father and husband is no longer able to be with his family for the rest of their lives and that is truly heartbreaking for me
I would’ve driven the van, pal
Respect Dope username too
I would never have considered myself a Kobe fan, but I love the game of basketball, which means I love Kobe. I don't think there's another player in our generation so touched by the game, who lived it so completely, who immersed themselves in the history of it, and who was ready in their role to see the sport evolve and curate the wisdom and combined knowledge of the game for those to come. I've been taking this hard. I eulogized him the only way I know how: a morning shootaround workout as soon as the my gym opened at 5 am. I think he would appreciate his death leading to more appreciation for the game. RIP Kobe Bean Bryant
I grew up watching NBA during the Jordan era and slowly watched legend after legend retire until in my mind all the legends had retired, I stopped watching the NBA as being in Australia and without cable it wasn't convenient enough for me to continue to watch. I would always hear the name Kobe, would see his highlights, see him on the cover of games but didn't know anything about Kobe apart from that. My younger brother then got into the sport and he fell in love with Kobe & the Lakers, he would pass his time after work watching Kobe highlights and looking for Kobe merch. His mood will change based off how the Lakers went, If they won I would be forced to watch the game winning play, forced to watch his interviews until it reached a point I was a part of the fandom. Me and my brother bonded over Kobe, last yeah we had the honor to listen to him talk live in Melbourne, he just seemed invincible, live another level of human, strong and bulletproof. Today I was shocked waking up to find he wasn't in fact bullet proof, I had to make my way to my brothers and wake him up to tell him the news, i felt a responsibility to break it to him the same way I felt the responsibility to break the news to him of family passing in the past. He was asleep and i called his name 3 times and he just ignored me so I just said "Sorry Bro, Kobe died in a helicopter crash" he jumped up in shock, we would always joke with each other and try to trick each other about believing the stupidest lies but he didn't question this, this wasn't something to joke about. We just sat in silence and from time to time would utter What the fu...... I was a passing fan and am heart broken, I can't imagine what his hardcore fans are feeling let alone his family, it's unbearable to think of his final moments with his daughter, I can only imagine him being clutch and looking to keep her calm in her final moments. RIP Kobe & all on board.
Seeing Kobe 1978-2020 still doesn't feel real..
It never will
Sweet, a chance to pour my heart out with out sounding like a complete lunatic. Kobe, you had no idea who I was, we met briefly when I was a kid. My dad took me out to Lower Merion (only about a 15 minute drive away from where I grew up) to watch your number get retired. I remember the smile you had on your face as you autographed that basketball, the infectious energy you gave off that I couldnt yet fathom at that age, but some how stuck with me even to this day. You had no idea who I was, but you meant so much to me. So much to so many kids growing up in Philly. You gave us the mentality to believe that we can be anything in this silly old city even when the situations around us taught us otherwise. "basketball is the best metaphore for life". You said that. That quote has been engraved in my brain since the day I heard it. You and your "next play" mentality, your competitiveness to always be great through every trial and tribulation, and to never let your past define you, always move on to the "next play". That is the metaphor you left for us and that is the metaphor I plan to carry through out the rest of my life. I was so excited to make it out to the basketball hall of fame this year and see you finally make it into the HOF. I had this crazy plan to seek you and tell you how much you helped me through out my life and that you truly were a huge role model in my life. I guess my crazy plan now is to go to honor the impact you've made in my life, although you had no idea who I was. R.I.P Kobe Bean Bryant.
The truth is, I kinda passionately hated Kobe for most of his career. I found him to be a cocky asshole during his time with Shaq, and then I felt he wrongly ran Shaq out of LA. I viewed him in a even more negative light after the Eagle Colorado incident. During his two finals appearances against the Celtics, I took great pleasure in straight up loathing his existence. And yet, I always had nothing but incredible admiration and respect for his game. It wasn't until his final NBA season where I started to soften my stance against the man. I felt sad he was leaving the NBA. I was happy when the Celtics fans chanted his name as he left his final game in Boston. And then, as I watched him bloom in retirement, I kinda started to love the man. I embraced his Italian upbringing (I'm Italian- American and have spent a lot of time in the country). The way he still spoke Italian so well. The fact that he named all his daughters Italian names. I was moved to tears when he spoke in Italian towards the end of his Oscar award acceptance speech. It wasn't until post-retirement that I saw what he really was. Cocky and brash? Sure. But also insanely intelligent, funny, a man with a huge heart, cool, and living a hugely purposeful life with his countless important endeavors. I straight up became a Kobe fan in recent years. I'd watch his talk show appearances with a smile. Man, I kinda love this dude now, I thought to myself. Even after rooting against him for so many years. I've been completely shaken since hearing the news of his death. It's the combination of the shock of it all, his age, the way he died, and how much he still had in front of him. He worked his ass off to crush it in the NBA for 20 years. Now was the time where he could enjoy himself. Pursue cool endeavors and raise 4 daughters with his wife. Give his HOF speech later this year. Watch his kids grow up, get married, have their own kids. Be a mentor to countless basketball players. Continue all the other cool shit he was doing. That's all gone in a blink of an eye. And it's unfair. Life is unfair. Countless people die young and leave us unexpectedly with so much more ahead of them. A lot of people will say that Kobe accomplished so much in 41 years. And while that is obviously true, it doesn't make it any easier to accept this tragedy. I guess the only thing I can take away from this is to pursue my own dreams. Something I'm guilty of not doing. Something Kobe always seemed to be doing. I don't think any of us will ever truly get over this. It's an enormous loss for the NBA and for the world. I bought a Mamba Academy T-Shirt an hour ago. I will wear that shirt to the gym and think about Kobe and his work ethic and use it as a tool to motivate me towards my dreams. My heart goes out to all the Laker/Kobe fans on this sub. My heart goes all out to his family and friends. Life is fragile and unpredictable and unfair. We gotta honestly try to live every day as best as we can and put the BS to the side for good whenever possible. Much love to you Kobe and Gigi. Godspeed and God bless. Edit - Thank you for the Gold and the kind replies.
Really did not even realize how much I love Kobe until today. It's like hearing your family died. RIP big guy
I'm 27 -- grew up watching and idolizing Kobe as did everybody in this community. Yesterday I sat and stared at the tv for longer than I should have, reeling from the news. Decided it was time to get up and work out to take my mind off it, so I went to the west side YMCA in manhattan. Between sets I walked into the court to checkout the pickup situation. Multiple younger kids wearing Kobe jerseys, and I saw more than one fadeaway accompanied with a "Kobe" callout. Almost made me cry, but amazing to see the impact this man had on kids too young to have seen him in his prime. That's how you know we lost an absolute legend yesterday.
Bryant leaves a wife and three daughters behind Altobelli leaves a daughter and son behind Mauser leaves a husband, a son & two daughters behind Chester leaves behind a husband and two sons Ugh ugh ugh
As a Kings fan, Kobe was our most hated rival. I remember my whole family thought he could never do right. He was always arrogant, cocky and selfish. Even my aunt who lived in la would talk shit to the only laker fan in our family. My best friend loved the mamba. We would hang out everyday over summer and we would play ball in the streets and everyday he would try to recreate a new signature mamba move or moment. We would play 2k and he would always use the lakers and shoot lights out with kobe, using that signature mid range turn around fader. As I became an adult i realized big of an influence he had on the game i loved. In my final years of high school i could only play in Kobes. He had the best signature shoe line and the 8s will always be my favorite model ever. I bought his asg 5s soon after and played in them till they fell apart. I remember his final game, where i was housesitting for my coach. I watched every single minute and in his final interview, i sobbed my eyes out. He felt like a rival that i had grew up with. I had not known the NBA without Kobe Bryant. I did not grow up with Magic, Bird and Jordan, so Kobe was the only GOAT I’ve seen play. He will be missed dearly by the world. Goodbye Mamba, may your legacy continue with these young stars that you have influenced so deeply.
When you said, "This was felt in every errant paper ball or contested mid range jumper at the local Y." I felt that. No really. I felt that. RIP Kobe. I still can't believe it.
For me, since I wasn't necessarily a Kobe fan, the impact has more to do with the NBA. I could see that he was a student of the game. He lived and breathed basketball. I was a fan of his Detail segments on ESPN. I could see that he wanted to enrich others who shared the same love as him, although I cannot see anyone reaching that same level of dedication and love for the game. When I heard that he handpicked NBA players to attend his camp before the NBA season, I knew that he wanted to better the NBA. He wanted to get the best out it's impact players. He wanted to build a pristine product, and gave back to the sport that provided so much for him. I was always a Kobe hater, but only because he was the brick wall that held back my Houston Rockets. After he retired, I became a Kobe admirer. After realizing what he was doing to better the sport, I became a Kobe lover. RIP Mamba. You deserve to be immortalized.
I never rooted for Kobe when I was younger. Being from the Bay Area and a Warriors fan, we rooted against him and hated his continuous domination of us and the rest of the league. I just turned 30 this past year and it was the first time in my life a death of someone I didn't know, made me cry. Kobe was more than a basketball player to me (and my generation of basketball fans). He was THE face of our generation. He was bigger than basketball and he was invincible. Now that I've gotten older, I've become a fan of who he became off the court and in his post-association life. He had so much more planned and it's unfair he won't get to see it through. Rest easy Kobe, Gigi, and all of the other victims of the crash. Gone, but won't be forgotten!
Dear Kobe, Thanks for showing everyone greatness, Running the hardwood with such finesse Your work ethic: impeccable, Translating to your game: uncheckable, I am just your average joe of a basketball fan, Guilty of yelling "KOBE!" while shooting into a trash can Even after all those times I rooted against you, You inspired me, showing what greatness can do, The Mamba Mentality you have with basketball, Is one of passion that can be applied to all From your days at Lower Merion, To the Laker's three-peat champion, Tack on two more ships to end the decade, 5 total rings, just the tip your accolades, Cementing you as a legend of your trade, One of the greatest to have ever played, "Played" - this word in the past tense, A reminder that none of this makes sense, If only you can see the the impact you left behind, Every athlete paying respect to your grind, Every human paying respect to your familial love, Please tell me you're watching from up above. After basketball, you strived for more, you never quit Turning basketball into film, even mastering it. Imparting your wisdom on players young and new, Tennis, soccer, all athletes trying to be just like you But your greatest accomplishment? Your family hands down. You were setting Gianna up to take the throne, the crown, Seeing your greatness turn to happiness with your family, Reminding all of us how human such greatness can be. Kobe, please know that you won more than ships, You won the hearts of a city, a country, a world; my own. In the city of angels, you have become their angel, Thank you, for being one of the greatest ever known. Sincerely, A Basketball Fan
I was never a Lakers fan but for me, living in the UK, I would wake up in the middle of the night to watch the finals, cheering the Lakers on, because I loved to watch Kobe play the game. I was and remain a Kobe fan. RIP Black Mamba. Thinking of the families affected by the awful tragedy at this time. I can't even begin to think of the devastation to lose children in this incident, alongside a great sporting icon. Terrible day.
I’m a teacher and I made each student take a “Kobe” shot at the beginning of class.
I’m a doctor and I made all my patients do that today. Except for an elderly woman who was in very poor condition.
That's very cool
One of the few athletes who truly transcended basketball and became a people's icon. He was always this household name that instantly came to mind when you mentioned basketball. Even in Sweden, where basketball isn't that big, people knew his greatness. At least we can always keep his name alive when we toss something in the bin! Rest easy Mamba.
From now on, I am playing 24 in the driveway instead of 21. Go over 24? You're back down to 8.
Above all else I'm sad for his daughter and surviving family, and I'm sad for everyone who lost a child on that helicopter.
Kobe is going to go j to the Hall of Fame this year and we won't hear a single word from him. Out of all of the players in NBA history, he's the last one I would expect
Feels like Superman died.
It's so fucking surreal.. RIP Mamba
I've never been one to be too heavily impacted by a celebrity's death. Mainly because most I knew have just been musicians who I briefly listened to. But with Kobe it's something else man. It's so different with Kobe because I endlessly watched him. Like I knew him. Imitating his moves in the gym with my friends. He inspired me. All my life the only thing that I've invested my free time in was basketball. Whether I was watching it or playing it. I was never too dedicated to movies or shows, just basketball games. I never put my focus on any other hobbies. So this one hits differently.
When I started watching the league around 2006. I hated Kobe. I've never despised anyone like that in sports. I saw him as a selfish, stuck up villain. Then he dominated my Suns in the 2010 WCF, it broke my heart. I was even fed up with his farewell tour. And then, I saw Dear Basketball. I watched him sit down with Shaq. I watched him care for all the young guys. I watched his jersey retirement. I watched him talk spanish to people. I watched him work out, and sit courtside with Gigi, and be a proud dad. I listened to Jalen's stories about him. I watched him talk to Luka in his own language. And I grew to like him. Started watching more interviews, even going years back. I was proud, as a basketball lover, to see a family member win an Oscar. I was rooting for Mambacita, couldn't wait to watch her dominate, and see Kobe proud on the sidelines. We started to see the invincible, mysterious become a mortal, one of us, a simple dad - caring not just for her family, but all these kids who grew up idolizing him. He gave all he had, and went just as mysteriously, as his career. I'm heading out to hoop in around zero celsius now. Love the game, and love each other people. We're all family.
I just want to promote Vince Carter’s postgame presser for people that haven’t seen it. I was floored by it and everything he had to say was just tragically beautiful. He is gonna have a hell of a career in TV after he retires. Today has been a tough one. It’s like some immediate family has died. Every time I think about it I’m gut wrenched and Gigi is just making it a million times worse. I know Kobe would have given anything for her not to be involved. We just saw how they were chilling at all those NBA games weeks ago. And that another kid and her parents went too is just too much to handle. Something that really stood out to me, from one of The Athletic podcasts I heard earlier, was that Kobe wasn’t this old head talking about the old days and how weak the league had become. He truly respected, cherished and embraced the next generation of players and genuinely seemed to enjoy the game in its current state. That he will be inducted in the Hall of Fame posthumously seems bizarre. RIP to all 9 onboard. RIP to my hero - you will be missed. You was supposed to be court side at Staples for the next 40 years. Can’t believe it. Love. Edit: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UST_RSXcjBc
Kobe... ho sempre tratto ispirazione dal tuo modo di essere, la motivazione, la ferocia e anche la tua testardaggine.. Always keep pushing.. Never give up.. all that was important for me when i needed inspiration, motivation, someone to look up to in life.. Rest easy Black Mamba ??????????
Kobe better be dominating the afterlife right now
If there is a heaven, I bet there's a Field of Dreams type of pick up game with all the players we've lost along the way: Lenny Bias, Drazen, Reggie Lewis... and now Kobe. If I get in, I'm going to sit on the sidelines like I'm James Earl Jones: They'll find they have reserved seats somewhere along one of the baselines, where they sat when they were children and cheered their heroes. And they'll watch the game and it'll be as if they dipped themselves in magic waters. The memories will be so thick they'll have to brush them away from their faces.
First thing he probably did was tell wilt that he’s better than him
He’s raining on ‘em
It's hard describing what Kobe means to me. I've a fan been for as long as I can remember. When I was a kid, my family didn't have the money to pay for cable, so I couldn't watch basketball here in Brazil. I would only see some highlights on the news. I became a fan of basketball because of him. His absolute love for the game. His determination. Recently I have been trying to stop treating people as legends. They are people just like us. They struggle just like us. But when it comes to Kobe, there is this nostalgia that really makes me feel like he was something else. Like a true hero. I'm not much of a believer when it comes to afterlife. I can only say that as long as I live, I'll be telling how fortunate I was to watch this man play basketball. I would not be the man I'm today without trying to be as determined as he was everyday. What hurts the most is knowing that he would give all the fame and recognition away to save his daughter. She was just too young to do like this. She a had full life ahead of her. I can only hope the family the strength to go through such a terrible moment. RIP
One little thing that got out of this situation was Perkins reaching out to Durant on Twitter. I hope this leads to them burying the hatchet. Rest in power, Kobe. Was never a huge fan of you and your game, no less your dedication was unmatched. A great example of no-bullshit hard work, it easily translates to almost any field in life.
Don’t really know where to put this but arguably the nations top high school basketball player Jalen Green (who has received Kobe comparisons and idolized him) scored 41 points with 8 3s while wearing Kobe’s in a nice little tribute yesterday
My favorite recent Kobe memory was when everyone fat shamed him on a IG post after retirement and the very next day Kobe was up at 5am at the gym. Like damn Kobe you're retired man. Enjoy those soda and cookies, you earned it.
Kobe was my favorite player but my heart really sunk when I heard about Gianna... such a bright future ahead, such determination. Cut from the same cloth as her dad. She never got a chance to truly show how special she was. Wishing strength to the family and friends of all the victims, life will never be the same.
In Counter Strike, when you killed someone with an HE grenade, you would always yell Kobe. Even that community has been affected by his passing.
I have never really felt the passing of a celebrity very deep until yesterday. I loved to hate Kobe. I loved beating him in '08 and hated losing to him in '10. He was such a competitor. I was 7 when he was drafted, he was in my life the majority of my life. Seeing his images break my heart. I am trying to be better today and crush work and the gym after work because that's what Mamba would want, but fuck man, this one hurts.
I worked a customer facing job in Vegas for years, and I met a lot of basketball players. I met a few of those more than once, and Kobe was rhe only one who remembered my face and made sure to say “Hey, good to see you again.” when he came back. I don’t know what else to say about him. The basketball didn’t matter, the man did, and he was clearly a superb man who excelled in all aspects of life and believed that anyone else who worked hard could too and wanted us to know it. He cared about people, he was fiercely loyal, and he was blindingly intelligent. He accomplished everything he ever set out to do until he was taken from us. He was a great man, and we lost a lot yesterday.
Mamba out but not forgotten.
Kinda still hoping he'll come out of an extended gym session with his daughter asking what the hell everyone is talking about. I also feel incredibly sad for all the families that lost their loved ones and will have constant reminders for weeks as the sports and media world will mention only one or two victims for weeks.
No one will see this but Kobe in the 2009 finals you changed me from a hater to a fan. No one wanted to win as much as Mamba. He made giants look like children. On and off the court you were a superhero Kobe. Hope you and your daughter are at peace. We love you man. The amount you did with the short time you had cannot be matched by anyone. This one really really fucking hurt. One day I’ll tell my kids about my hero Kobe Bryant. How he followed in the footsteps of MJ but never in his shadow. How he ended AI’s greatest season with a loss. How he ended what should have been a Celtics dynasty by creating his own dynasty. How he went out leaving everything on the court. How he made us cry with Dear Basketball. How he made us laugh with Shaq. How much he did as a coach for a young group of girls. How he always seemed to love his family. He is more than a player. He is one of those human beings who just cannot be replaced. We love you mamba thank you for everything. #24 #8
I watched Kobe's last game with a mixture of spite and fascination. Knowing someone is leaving is one thing, like graduating you know they'll be around and maybe later on you'll see them here or there. They won't be making your life miserable in the day to day though. I was never a Kobe fan when he played, I loved the Bulls and reminisced about Jordan and Kobe was this imitator that always was close to but never the real thing. That last game kind of made me understand the fascination though. You saw a guy killing himself one last time for the sake of himself and no one else. He went for that 61 and no matter how much it looked like he was burnt up and gassed, he kept going. You could see everyone in the game just going "fuck it, give it to him man." and I remember saying to myself This dude has the whole damn arena losing their shit for him and I know exactly why... The years have softened the hard feelings a lot more than I expected. He was funny, he opened up a bit, but that enigmatic feel of him is something I still kind of sensed. He was kind of a nerd and the kind you either liked for his obsessive behavior or shrugged off as being a bit too into himself. Didn't matter either way, he was him and that was all that mattered. Somewhere in that, we all gotta appreciate that being yourself is a fundamental way of being comfortable and succeeding in your own passions. You can't bullshit yourself and I feel Kobe had an understanding that there was always a better version of himself he could be and learned that over the years. From arrogance to wisdom, from hotshot to old veteran. He'll go down as one of the most influential players of the eras and his impact from here on will be one that ripples through more than the league. It'll be one that kids taking the court from the first time to old guys in suits will understand, be yourself and always be striving to improve on the principle of being better than you were yesterday.
I turn 25 on Friday, this is the first death that really fucked with me and truly makes me realize we lost a legend. Michael Jackson died in 2009, I was only 14. I wasn't really a kid but I was too young honestly to really understand the way I do now, and I'm also a father myself now. I've been a Kobe fan for as long as I can remember. The fact I'll never see him play or even just talk and have fun on a show again still has me in denial. This is the first death to really hit me this way and is a definite turning point for me as I realize in the future we'll only lose more idols and it will always be this jarring for me from here on out.
on the Bill Simmons pod they said Kobe is bigger than the Lakers.. and I agree
The year was 2006, and I was in my second year of high school when my friends, Jeff and Mart, made me religiously follow the league through an unusual way: Basketball video games. During this time I was also just a casual fan of the NBA, but I knew the rules, the teams, the famous players and a little bit of history of the league. It was also our habit to play video games during our lunch break. As a kid I played a lot of games, but I never really tried sports titles before. NBA Live 06 and 07 was freshly released, and computer cafes are the thing of this time. The two of them taught me how to play the game, how the controls work, the superstar triggers, the x-factors. I even started a dynasty mode save with the awful '06 Laker team. From thereon, I was enamored with playing and watching the NBA and it's larger-than-life personalities, especially Kobe & LeBron. Jeff and Mart were both basketball junkies, sometimes we play pickup and I'd say they were good enough to be in my high school's basketball team. And here's another thing, they were also huge Kobe and Laker fans. I remember Jeff owning a Nike Zoom Huarache 2k4 in purple and white colorways, similar to what Kobe wears during games. My favorite Kobe moment during our high school years was the game winner over Boris Diaw and Raja Bell in the 2006 playoffs. This story is badly written, and it sounds like I'm just recalling my teenage years with them. And you may ask me wondering how this is related to Kobe's passing. But after I saw the news about what happened to Kobe before daybreak, it made me remember about Jeff. Last year, Jeff left the living world in a manner almost similar to Kobe. I was occupied with thoughts and the last memories of us on Mart's wedding day while trying to hold back my tears. I was also imagining what would Kobe say on his HOF speech, how we will never hear it and how the HOF committee will just induct him posthumously. How his family will accept the pain of the tragedy. Also the surreal fact that his last inteaction with the world was his last twitter and iG posts of congratulating LBJ on passing him on the all-time scoring list. Life really comes to us fast. To everyone, Learn to enjoy every minute of our lives. Make the most out of every passing day, tell your loved ones you love them. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. R.I.P. Kobe Bean Bryant, may God put eternal rest upon your soul. MambaForever 824
The Lakers haven't won a playoff series since he tore his Achilles, and now he'll never get to see them win one again. Here comes a long post that probably no one will ever read. Edit: Thank you for those that responded saying they read, means a lot right now. You are appreciated. TLDR: An overemotional mid-twenties guy recounts his not asked for memory of Kobe moments. I was born and raised in Southern California, LA County but not LA proper. I was just a youngling when the Kobe/Shaq era happened, but I still new that everyone was exciting and it was fun. I didn't know any of the basics of basketball but I loved the excitement everyone was having during that joyous time. Then the fallout happened, they lose in the finals with what was supposed to be a "superteam". Then Shaq gets traded. Then the allegations. It was hard not to be mad at Kobe. I was a kid and all I saw was he ran Shaq out of town. It looked like Dr. Buss backed the wrong player. But Kobe just kept going. He kept working on his game, and carrying teams that had no business being in the playoffs. His 81 point game... dude was just electrifying and so damn fun to watch. End of middle school, start of high school was his second set of championship runs. We lose to the Celtics, everything sucks. Next year we're right back in it and we win over the Magic. Then we get to Game 7 against the Celtics. It wasn't his best playoff performance but he laid it all on the line. I'll never forget Artest's post game interview but the image seared in my brain is Kobe celebrating with the crowd after the hard fought series. The final seconds he had a break away dunk, it could have been so easy to take that as a victory lap and an outlet for just pure emotion. But instead he keeps the ball in play to run out the clock and sprints over to his teammates. His final championship, if I only knew I would have savored it even more. The next year we faced the Mavericks in the conference semis. I was fortunate enough to go to Game 1 of that series. It was the first time I ever got to go see the Lakers live, a family friend took me for my birthday. That series did not end well for us but that game was amazing. I just double checked the box score of that game, Kobe put up 36 points. What I remember vividly is the final moments, Lakers are down 2. Everyone knows he's getting the ball. Kobe get's the ball, takes a three off the inbound pass as time expires. It hits the rim and bounces off, game over Lakers lose. Walking out people were mad and thought he should have tried to set up for an easier 2 point shot. I was walking out with a smile on my face, I just got to see a special player play in his habitat. A high pressure game, putting up a high amount of points, and going for the jugular, not the tie. That's who Kobe was. That's why he was my favorite player, and I wouldn't change it for the world. Next year, we get gentlemen swept out of the playoffs by the Thunder. The tides were turning, Dr. Buss was ill and everyone wanted to make one last push. We already tried to trade for Paul and that got vetoed. That offseason, we land Howard. I can't believe it, another great big man to play with Kobe! And we also got Nash?!?! It's gonna be a great year. It definitely wasn't. It looked like the Lakers weren't even going to make the playoffs with their so-called super team. But Kobe just flipped a switch. It was amazing, he was doing it all and dragging the dysfunctional team to the playoffs. He plays through a broken nose and plenty of other injuries to help keep the team winning I'll never forget him hitting unbelievable 3 after unbelievable 3 against the Raptors to snag victory out of the jaws of defeat. We were the dark horse poised to make a run at the title, a potential Lebron/Kobe finals match up was in the cards yet again. Then the game that lives in Lakers infamy happens. Against the Warriors, the Lakers couldn't afford to lose our playoff hopes were hanging on by a thread. He was doing everything yet again willing this team to victory. Before halftime, I'm not sure how many people remembered, he went down hard and was grabbing his knee. I emphatically jumped out of my chair and dropped to my knees begging the tv screen, please get up. And he did. I didn't know why I was so worried. He's invincible I reassure myself. 40 seconds left, Lakers only up by 1 season hanging in the balance and he gets fouled on a routine shot, routine foul and falls down and screams and limps weird trying to walk off pain. You could tell he was in pain. He walks up to the line and sinks both free throws to seal the game and limps off the court on his own accord. That was the last time we truly saw Kobe at the height of his game, that game is seared in my brain. The sheer will power it must have took to not only shoot and make 2 free throws on a ruptured achilles but to walk off the court by himself. I was numb, the playoffs didn't matter anymore. My hero was down and not getting back up. Howard leaves in free agency, the last 2 years had been a disaster, but it was just getting started. We become a lottery team, something Kobe was responsible for keeping away from me the majority of my life. I move out to the midwest for college. He announces he is retiring, I have to see him. I get tickets to his final game against the Pacers. 4 minutes left in the game he gets subbed in. Down 77-71. He scores the next 11 points for the Lakers in a minute and a half span, makes it 82-79 with 2:30 left. I've been to plenty of Pacers games, including playoff games for them, I've never felt Banker's Life shake like that. The thunderous KOBE chants gave me chills. He doesn't make another shot in the game, took his usual ridiculous Kobe shots but they just couldn't fall, the Lakers end up losing 87-89. Walking out my buddy who went with me was telling me he was sorry that Kobe couldn't pull it out and maybe could have got his teammates more involved at the end to get the win. I didn't want that, win or lose I wanted Kobe to play his brand of basketball. I was just so happy I got to see him play the game his way live one last time. The Lakers and Kobe together went through it all, the highs and lows of his career, the highs and lows of this storied franchise. He was the one who everyone thought of when we thought of winning basketball in LA. And he was preaching patience, our time will come again. Whenever the next championship happens, I already know I'll be crying thinking of him. Thinking of his preach for patience, when he will never be able to see it again himself. I grew up watching Kobe go from the brash 18 year old who couldn't get along with people to being the wise veteran helping to mentor the new group of young players that the Lakers were hoping could be a cornerstone. Watching his transformation, the balance of confidence in himself and humility as he recognized the end of his career. The man put everything on the line every night he played, playing through multiple injuries putting in all the extra effort to become the best he could be. It was a true inspiration and I'm lucky to say I was able to appreciate it as it was happening, no need for begrudging respect for a great player on another team. This man was on my team, and I lam so grateful. Outside of basketball, you could tell he got it. Once retirement came, he put that mamba mentality razor sharp focus on other endeavors and was willing to leave basketball behind. It showed me to leave everything you have in what you are doing in the present so you won't have regrets when it's time to move on to the next thing. I've never had a celebrity death impact me in this way. I'm not sure there ever will be another one, but can't say for sure since I wasn't expecting this one to hit this hard. Or even expecting it at all.
I read this my dude
As a kid/teen I watched every laker game that I could Then during commercial breaks and half time I would run to the backyard and shoot jumpers I did this for years, all because of kobe I just loved him man Edit: he was a coach and mentor to a kid who never met him, he taught me to love the game, he taught me to not give up. He taught me about dedication, about perfecting your craft. I'm truly saddened by his passing along with his daughter and the 7 other people in that helicopter. It's as if I lost somebody I personally knew my entire life. I hope that I can make you proud Kobe.
I’m saddened most for his 3 daughters, who not only lost their father, but their sister too. As someone who lost a parent at a young age, it took 20 years before I truly understood the impact it had on me. Nothing was ever the same again. Vanessa needs all our support. I can’t imagine grieving both a child and spouse, while having to put a brave face on for your 3 other children. Tragic.
From the Middle East (Kuwait), my dad grew me up on the Lakers and I have been watching basketball since the day I was born almost. We would record the games overnight here and watch them in the mornings and when I was older my dad would wake me up at around 3 or 4 am so we could catch playoff games. I grew up on Shaq and Kobe, I’m 24 now and all my earliest basketball memories revolve around those 2. Kobe is the greatest ever Laker and spent his 20 year career with the franchise has probably been my strongest ever connection to the sport. When he retired I was in tears. So many memories of Kobe tied to my dad and my childhood. I felt like I lost a part of my dad when Kobe retired because it meant my dad was getting older. This morning I had to be at work very early (I work in construction) and my mother knew this so she checked to make sure I was awake, I had fallen asleep about an hour before the news broke. She knows my dad and I bleed purple and gold and she broke the news to me. I was in shock as I was still half asleep and immediately went on twitter and saw the outbursts of tributes and news. I started crying in bed and did not make it to work on time. I’m still in tears. I was crying at work all day. I went to the bathroom 5 times at least so nobody would see me. I started watching news coverage on youtube and just could not believe it. I still cannot believe it. Kobe can’t be gone. Kobe was more than just basketball. He was discipline, he was inspiration, he was a father, and a hero. He pushed the limits of what it meant to be human. My therapist always tells me I work too much. I always respond to my therapist with the same stories about how everyone knows who Kobe is because he slept in the gym, because he worked that much harder. I’ve had two surgeries and nothing has gotten me through the pain except thinking about Kobe and saying his name. Thinking about how much pain he played through during his career. Rest in peace to the Black Mamba, may his legacy live on through the generations. The legend will only grow from here. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Bryant family as they go through this extremely difficult period. May his and his daughter’s souls rest in peace.
Started watching basketball when I was eight, first ever game I have watched was that 2008 NBA finals. Was amazed by that man in gold wearing #24. Then they go on to lose by 39. Their win the next year and their revenge the year after was the best memories of my childhood. I remember skipping the first week of school so I won't miss ANY game. (Classes start in our country in June). Kobe, like a lot of people, inspired me to pick up a ball and shoot it through a hoop. And oh how satisfying it was. Kobe introduced me to a world I'll learn to love forever. Kobe, and basketball, was my first love. I manage to achieve a few nice things in life so far, but none I celebrated more than the very first time I received a Kobe Bryant jersey. I still remember the excitement and screaming and the jumping. I wore that everywhere. None compares to the first Kobe signature shoe I ever bought. I slept at night with that beside and would stare at then proudly every single time. It sucks that I'll never get to see him ever. Kobe was more than just someone I admired because he's good at his job. It was his determination, that relentless spirit and willingness to win. The mentality together with his disposition. And just the way he carry himself. There is something about him that I wanna emulate. I patterned my life in a Kobe cut-out. I would imitate everything. The way he walks and talks, his smug and serious in game face. His celebrations and, of course, his jersey biting mannerism. He was more than a player to me, he was my hero, the father figure I never had. Kobe's death is the most impactful death of my life so far. (Not that I had many close friends and family members die already) He influenced, inspired, and motivated me more than anyone I came across with. He made me a competitor. He made me who I am today. I pray for his soul and Gianna's. I also send my regards and condolences to Vanessa and the rest of the Bryants. I cannot imagine what they're going through right now. This all too sudden. Hope they're hooping in Paradise. Rest in Peace, Kob! Mamba Forever.
it keeps hitting me every 20-30 minutes and make me think that this is not real, that he can't be gone.
[deleted]
Still struggling to come to terms with this. I first got in to basketball during Magic/MJ's era. Being a fan in the UK meant limited coverage in those days. I don't recall which year it was, but I remember an ASG making it on to terrestrial TV over here and I recorded it and practically wore out the VHS. He retired about the same time I stopped playing and for a few years I didn't really follow basketball any more. Then I hear about this kid Kobe, the next MJ, and I thought "yeah, sure, there will never be another MJ". I finally manage to see him play on TV and I was immediately a fan for life. He was the next MJ and I could actually watch this guy ball. One of my absolute favourite sporting moments was watching Kobe take the Lakers to a 3-1 series lead over the Suns. "Tied game!" "Bryant, for the win.... BANG!" Holy shit, I will never forget watching that game, thinking to myself "The latest episode of 24 is on, but screw that, this is insane!". I was on holiday in 2010 when the Lakers repeated in their rematch against the Celtics. I followed the news desperate to know how that played out, and I recorded every game and watched them over 2 days when I got back. After that I signed up to NBATV to carry on watching him play as UK coverage began to lack again for a while, and tried to take in as much as I could as retirement grew ever closer and ever more likely. I had a pretty bad injury that took me off work for a long time. I was in a really low place and watching basketball, watching Kobe, was my escape. When he retired my love for the sport waned again, much like it did after MJ retired. I spent so long following and watching the sport just to watch him play that when he retired I kind of felt empty about the game. There was no one I was rooting for. I keep a keen eye on this sub and the lakers sub, and I'll watch highlight reels, but I can't seem to get excited about watching a full game like I used to, knowing that there was the possibility of Kobe doing something special. I know there are some incredible players in the league today, but that's just how I feel. To know that he is gone, and so is one of his daughters which every Lakers fan has seen growing up on the side lines, is just so incredibly sad. Can't really put it in to words how I've been feeling since hearing the news. Definitely a strong feeling of denial and grief. He was my hero, like he was to many people. His Mamba Mentality is an admirable mindset that I've tried to incorporate into aspects of my life and will make an effort to do more going forwards. His memory will live on through his family and fans everywhere. My heart bleeds for them, as well as the families of everyone else involved in this tragic accident. I'm not really sure why I'm posting this or if anyone will read it, but I had to put something in to writing somewhere to help process it. RIP Kobe
As a Warriors fan growing up in the Bay Area, it was easy to be a Kobe hater. He always beat my team, a lot of my friends were Lakers fans even though they had never lived in LA, and his passion for the game was easy for a young adolescent to confuse as "selfishness", or him being a jerk. Then came the 2008 Summer Olympics. US put up a team of Lebron, Melo, DWade, Dwight, Bosh, Chris Paul, etc etc and were huge favorites to win gold. They played Spain in the finals, got up on them early, but just couldn't put them away. Watching the game at 2 in the morning or however late it was, I was starting to feel a sense of nervousness that we were actually going to lose the game. Spain just would not go away. Then in a 3-4 minute stretch in the 4th, Kobe goes bucket, assist, assist, 3 pt bucket, block, 3 pt and one bucket to effectively put Spain away. It was at that moment I realized how so many people living in the Bay Area couldn't help but be Lakers fans. This dude just makes you feel so comfortable as a viewer because you just had a feeling that if the ball was in his hands, he'd find a way. A man. A father. A model of work ethic. A philanthropist. A legend. People will be talking about Mamba forever
I always told myself if I ever got the chance to meet Kobe, I'd simply say, "thanks for everything." I'm in my 30s now and that man gave me countless memories of joy and amazement that continue to inspire me today. As a Californian, we won the basketball lottery being able to watch him play every other night... it was impossible to watch this dude operate and not be inspired to be better yourself. Yo, what would Kobe do right now? In my mid 20s mamba mentality helped me pull through a dark time in my life. I was the one who got it done, but Mamba mentality was the guide and motivation that helped me along. Thanks for everything, Kobe. I love you, dude.
This is beyond tragic. Had trouble sleeping last night and today feels even worse.
You never really know what is gonna bother you until it happens, and yesterday turned me into a complete train wreck. All these memories of arguing with my friends over Kobe's place in NBA lore, yelling "KOBE!" with every trash can shot, and thinking of myself as this guy every time I ever got hot in a pick-up game came flooding back at once yesterday. I've never been a huge basketball fan but yesterday made me realize just how big a Kobe fan I was. I'm still a mess but life demands moving forward. I hope his family gets all the grieving time and peace they'll need
A couple years ago a local teacher told his students that if they could get a celebrity, of his choosing, to tweet at them before their final exam date he would let them take an alternative test as opposed to their regular final. He chose Kobe. Two days before the exam date Kobe replied to the young girl who had asked him for a shout out and the class got out of taking their Final. Gone way too soon, but your legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of many people. RIP
I'm honestly just not ready to come to the reality that he's gone. It's like I'm just waiting for someone to be like "nah jk there's no way that Kobe Bryant at age 41 and his daughter at age 13 are dead" Not gonna happen though. Fuck. This is just not gonna set in cause Kobe just seemed...invincible. We all knew that type of person he was and his mentality, you just never see him in a position of...I guess...weakness. Now I'm not saying weakness is death it's just kind of the end of the road. And with Kobe it seemed like that's something he would control. But this just reiterates that you have no control over when or how you die. Really humbling. Man just wish that he and everyone else on that ride landed safe. It's like if that one little thing happened then they would have all lived long lives. Gah it's just upsetting
Black mamba was NOT swimming with the mambas.
yeah, all of the people in this video would have been dead by then if they were actually mambas....
Black Mambas arnt even black lol
well they are more dark greyish brown if we are being honest, but it's cooler to call them black mambas than dark greyish brown mambas
They are named for the color of their mouths.
No, the black is in their mouths
Just like it's cooler to be called black people than brown people
Those poor snakes...having to swim with a bunch of jackasses. Edit: my first awards! Thank you!
Jackassessssssssssssssss -The snakes
Let's just be glad Bunny The Lifeguard was on duty that day for safety precautions!
Oh bunny you're so fine you blow my mind! Hey Bunny! Hey Bunny!
clap clap clap
Stern. Stern but fair.
I love how he picks up the little person.
That's Wee Man, tyvm.
He renamed himself because it's 2020 to Little person Man
thatsnothowthisworks.meme
THATSNOTHOWANYOFTHISWORKS.GIF
[removed]
I’m scared to click on the hyperlink
Me too! What does it do?
Its a sex simulator about... Ummm... Rape and all that. It's just a link to a reddit post with a link so all is good
Don't be.
Interesting..
yeah, that's what I said. -The Goonies
Booty traps.
Ya gotta do the truffle shuffle.
I like how you took it so personally. I like you.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Wee Man is not Brad Williams.
I remember seeing him skateboard at Van's warped tour when Avenge sevenfold was playing
It’s polite to pick them up when you talk to them.
Once I was at a bar bathroom with a friend and a dwarf asked us "Can you do me a favor?" My friend and I responded, "of course" She replied, "Can you pick me up so I can see myself in the mirror?" One of my favorite memories/interactions to date.
Seriously I felt for the snakes!
Yes, because this is actually animal abuse. Not really sure why so many people seem to think this is great stuff.
Because snakes aren't cute enough.
exactly
Different decades I guess. This stuff was peak comedy. Hell even I found it hilarious.
I wouldn't be surprised if some of those snakes died when hit by said jackasses.. poor things indeed.
Jackass and Dirty Sanchez on MTV...those were the days. I’m old :(
Lol. Music videos and Beavis and Butthead on MTV. I'm old :(
You act like you’ve never seen a man literally fly to avoid snakes and water before.
Happened to me last week when I had to check the mail at the cul de sac
Snakes, why did it have to be snakes
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
He literally follows a parabolic path, just like you'd expect from a projectile. He's not "flying". https://www.wired.com/2008/11/kobe-bryant-jumping-over-a-pool-of-snakes/
Holy cow. That doesn’t even look humanly possible. What a great video!!!
It’s not humanly possible lol he’s attached to a wire
That’s what I came here to ask.
Its inhumanly possible though
a bird could do it easy
r/birdsarentreal
Thank you for opening my eyes
Wait til you find out about giraffes
And dolphins
Don't forget Narwals.
Came here to say this.
A five ounce bird could not carry a 200lb man.
Are you saying 200lb men migrate?
How would it grip it?
Duct tape
How about Unladen Swallow?
Well is it African or European?
Two African swallows
Larry?
It’s entirely possible
Pull that shit up
It’s humanely possible
But technically it's humanly possible since a human is doing it, even if it is with tools
What was the purpose of your comment?
I was happier not knowing this ?
It’s a real jump, that op is full of shit.
Kobe himself said it’s fake. It was for a Nike commercial you numnuts. Maybe read the actual article you posted. It never says it real. It just it can’t prove it’s fake. This article on the other hand has Kobe admitting it’s fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
The truth??
Ok, I read it and it says the Nike commercial was him jumping over an Aston Martin which for all I know was fake and he was on a wire. But it doesn't say that about the Jackass "viral spot". John: “And the dunk was real. You actually jumped over the pool.” Kobe: “I did jump over the pool. I had a little assistance, maybe.” John: “With Hollywood?” Kobe: “From the Hyperdunks.” He's selling those shoes. It looks like a real enough jump and he even smacked into the padded pole the hoop is on. Why would they use a wire and then let a multi-million dollar superstar athlete just bash himself into a pole?
He's got Hyperdunks, a non regulation height hoop, and motivation. Myth plausible.
No need to ask just watch the video again properly
That's no wire, it's an all-star ghost giving him a boost.
angels Mambas in the Outfield
Well done.
The Sixth Mamba
Double jump!
All-star force ghost?
I like this one.
Angels on the Blacktop
It was this guy.
I was going to say that was some video game physics there. He just floats in the middle.
You can tell, he clearly looks like hes stepping on air after he jumps
Yeah, it's called a "double jump" and we learned how to do it in video game academy.
Video Game High School*
Sigh. RIP VGHS.
Such a good show
Amen
if he was a Hunter he'd upgrade to Triple jump
Lmfao nice one
Hey Michael did it in the Ultimate Game, it's possible.
For Michael lol
Look at any slo-mo of a professional dunking. It’s pretty common to step like that.
That's just how he's moving his legs. Watch his center of mass or head closely and they move in a pretty smooth parabola. Idk if there's a wire, but looking like he's double jumping is not evidence he is.
Specifically, the way he seems to gain forward momentum when he's about 1/3rd across the pool. I'm totally open to being wrong, but it looks very unnatural. I don't understand how he's able to pivot on the horizontal axis of his body without any outside support. The only explanation would be that he engages his anterior muscles, but that doesn't seem to account for the absolute shift in position while being unsuspended in air. But i'm not a physics expert by any means of the imagination.
Someone replied and deleted their comment, this was my reply: Where is he wired though? Genuinely curious about the mechanics of it. He jumps forward and his body is vertical and then he seemingly accels forward and pivots at the midsection, rotating forward as well. The fulcrum would need to be somewhere at or above his hips (the hips would be the most obvious place for a wire based fulcrum), but to combine that with an acceleration in forward momentum would require multiple wires, which very well may be the case, but again I'm merely curious to know how it works.
I mean, there must be some fakery going on of course, but do we know this for sure? Do you have a source that says how they did it? EDIT: Nope it appears the guy above was just talking out of his arse and has no source whatsoever. According to this wired article its real, or at least, there's no conclusive evidence of fakery.
Its totally is possible. According to this wired article its real. The pool isn't as big as it looks. People just think he jumps over a 20 feet pool that is 50 inches tall when in reality its 12 feet and probably 30 inches tall.
Maybe read the actual article you posted. It never says it real. It just said it can’t prove it’s fake. This article on the other hand has Kobe admitting it’s fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
Go through the video frame by frame. It's clearly not real. He doesn't even jump on camera, it cuts and he just flies in from off screen.
Whoever wrote that article wasted a lot of time. It’s incredibly obvious that it’s fake, and frankly a bit sad so many people can’t tell.
It doesn’t even seem that impossible for a 6’6” athlete like Kobe
He’s been dead for a day and we’re already deifying the man? It couldn’t be more fake. It was for a Nike commercial and Kobe himself admitted it was fake. Not that he should have to because it’s obvious. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
Deifying? The guy is a basketball legend.
Top 3 all time.
Yep. So why are we posting fake Nike commercials as real to need to make him look better than he was.
Bitch I saw Kobe walk on water
He admitted jumping over a speeding car was fake.
Maybe read the actual article you posted. It never says it real. It just it can’t prove it’s fake. This article on the other hand has Kobe admitting it’s fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
So you're saying it's humanly possible if attached to a wire?
You guys all agreeing with this? Ever heard of camera angles and shit? The hoop and pool are lower than they look.
Yes because it doesn't explain how he gains forward momentum 1/3 the way into the air. And it doesn't explain how it goes from an arc to a straight line back to an arc. Even if there was no pool it would be incredibly obvious this was faked.
True, im average height and shit at jumping and even I used to jump straight over a picnic table as a kid. A 6'6" world class athlete could easily do this.
What’s next? I’m sure you’re gonna say the half court dunk from Space Jam was also fake? That there’s no way he jump over all those Monstars?
Do you have a source for this claim?
No, there is no source for this because the jump is real. The pool just look bigger in the video than it is in real life.
Okay, I can't tell if you are being serious, but there's absolutely no way that he actually did this stunt. Just think about it for a second... I don't doubt his jumping ability, but do you really think Kobe (or the LA Lakers) is going to risk 20 million dollars on a stupid stunt like this, which carries a high risk of injury? I would venture a guess and say that his contract would expressly forbid him from doing things like this. And, aside from the legality/stupidity of the thing, the jump also just looks off. Like there's something not natural looking about the physics of it. Edit - I don't know how grammar.
Not saying that this dunk is real... but, Drew Brees wrestled an alligator on Bear Gryll's show.
Here’s the “no source” with Kobe admitting it’s fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125 Not that we should need one because it’s obvious to anyone but 11 year olds on Reddit apparantly.
Hes not admitting anything
Besides the fact that he said he used assistance for the fake Nike ad?
Hes talking about the shoes
But it is possible, jumping over a pool 12 feet long and 30 inches tall is totally possible if you are a top tier basketball player.
Yeah no. It’s not. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
You clearly didnt get the article
Ibaka dunking from behind freethrow line, so uh: https://youtu.be/8ydqkYZmJYQ
you can see it because it's like he's being trailed by something above and in front of him. that's why the top of his body is ahead of the bottom. the same thing that gives away everyone on a wire.
that's why the top of his body is ahead of the bottom. That's exactly how a real dunk goes. That proves nothing.
i just rewatched it, it's not as forward moving as i remember. he's 100% on a line though.
No he's noot
They lift from your center of gravity, so there shouldn't be any significant impact to orientation. I think the phenomenon you're talking about would only happen if you're being lifted from your head.
Tf are the wires attached to
Digitally edited out.
Have you ever heard of cranes and green screen effects?
This isn’t even close to Kobe’s most impressive height and distance dunking. His decent is consistent with an actual jump not wire work.
This is very obviously fake and an impossible dunk. He’s been dead a day and morons on Reddit are already deifying him. Here’s Kobe admitting it was fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
What’s the wire attached to?
A crane.
I hope mah wire crew is ready!
Kobe wasn’t human.
I mean it's not, but who knows Kobe was a legend
Nah bro lol. Kobes vert isn't even 40 inches and where he jumped from is behind the foul line.
I was like wait, that's literally the greatest dunk I've ever seen. Couldn't be real.
I was like wait, that's literally the greatest dunk I've ever seen. Couldn't be real. On the other hand, not landing in a pool of snakes is great motivation for superhuman feats.
What makes you think it's 40 inches, the pool is halway as high as wee-man and he is 48 inches so it would probably be closer to 30 inches.
He's saying Kobe didn't have a 40 inch vertical, meaning he wasn't the most explosive vertical jumper, which you need to be to dunk from the foul line over a 30" pool. Personally I'm not sure if I think it's real or not
That's true but the pool plus the distance to the hoop is at least as far as the foul line. I don't know if Kobe ever dunked from the foul line.
Well what I was saying is Kobe didn't have a 40 inch vert which is the gold standard number for elite jumpers. Kobes vertical is known to be between 36 and 38 inches. Watch the end of the video and pay attention to Kobes hips. They are far more than 10 inches higher than the pool and if I had to guess they're about 3 feet over the pool. 3 feet over 30 inches is 66 inches. I don't think anyone ever has had a vertical that high. This is all btw ignoring the fact that the apex or his jump is carried for far longer than if he naturally jumped.
Kobe is a legend, not “was”.
Is a legend. A legend is not dying.
It’s fake lol
lol jesus, at first I was like wtf this man jumps better than Jordan when he played against the monsters in Space Jam.
Well hey at least we know Space Jam was real.
When I was 6, I genuinely thought his arm could stretch like that. The rest was obviously fake though
From watching his highlights, I'm still 50/50 on it.
Monstars
yeah there is no Kobe is risking his health trying to jump 20 feet on wet asphalt haha. Im astounded that people even consider that this was real. The Aston Martin jump was at least plausible in terms of his ability to do it. But of course he would never actually attempt such a thing
According this it's 12 feet and he is a pro athele he can jump just fine without hurting himself.
I mean he might be able to, but he isnt stupid enough to try like that.
Why would you risk it? Risk ending your career to jump snakes onto wet asphalt? I bet he could do it, but it seems unlikely he did
[deleted]
.... He's on a wire lol
In the second shot it almost seems something pulls him forward. Pretty nuts.
It’s almost like it’s completely fake or something
Idk, it looks a bit wired to me, but definitely not fake.
It does look a bit wired now that you mention it
You guys spelled weird wrong
They spelled wired right, though.
Wire we talking about this again?
Its strikes a good chord, to me at least.
You better zip it, budddy.
daad!
r/woooosh
/r/yourjokebutworse
Lol, it’s fake
It’s definitely obviously fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
He double jumped
Genji dashed
Yeah it's almost like he's on some kind of wire or something. Nature's really amazing.
Gonna show my kids this clip and tell them that’s the GOAT right there.
I didn't notice, but I'll take your word for it that they're "pretty".
guys really can’t tell he was attached to a wire on that jump ?? Not even humanly possible to make that jump and let alone dunk it. Still funny to watch though, RIP. All I heard whenever he hit that jump was *KOBEEE
The longest jump on record IIRC is 29.5 ft. I dont think that jump was that long. Not vouching for the credibility of this jump in particular though, I dont know anything further than this post about it.
Those jumps don’t end up that high by the end of them though. This can’t be real. He’s running through the air while accelerating upwards.
While this is obviously faked when dunking a lot of people take what looks like a step in the air, the hip thrust gives you momentum upwards.
[deleted]
According to this wired article the pool is 12 feet, which is shorter than the free throw line and totally possible to dunk from.
The pool length is different from the jump length.
And the pool is about ten feet from the basket. The article doesn’t conclude its real it just can’t prove it’s fake.
i think the guy above you agrees, but jumping over that pool without the dunk is easily possible
Not for me
yeah no shit. You arent Kobe Bryant
yeah no shit. You arent Kobe Bryant wired
It’s real. You just don’t believe.
https://youtu.be/C6hmQwfEmzc
My favorite documentary.
I believe I can fly
Um yeah, that's triple jump territory [*for mortals]. Can you do a "sanity check" on your numbers? e: Yeah, nvm, late at night, Gugle lyed!! You're right. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_jump
I think the whole point was 5hat its fake
People here are literally non-sarcasticslly saying "wow. that doesn't look physically possible" haha. I've never seen this before, so at first I assumed everyone in this thread must be in on the joke or something. Nope lol Honestly I think it's hilarious and probably supposed to be obvious that it's fake (as part of the joke). Edit: as I read more of these comments, I am baffled that there is even a debate of whether this is real. Kobe 100% had a wire or something like that to carry him. This isn't even close to looking real lol
I completely agree. Everybody is out here pulling Physics 1A out of their ass when clearly he is attached to a wire. I’ve watch Kobe dunk for years and it has never even come close to looking like that. He is literally pedaling his feet and ascending in the video. Edit: think of Jordan’s dunk from the free throw line, extend that by a few feet, and then put a 3 foot tall foot pool underneath him.
People keep asking for a source on it being fake, and it's like... the video, dude.
https://www.wired.com/2008/11/kobe-bryant-jumping-over-a-pool-of-snakes/ This is saying it is real.
Pretty sure that link has a wire in it.
That doesn’t say it’s real. It just says it can’t prove it fake but it could be real or fake. You should read it. And then read this we’re Kobe himself says it was fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
It's "real" in the sense that they didn't edit footage or anything. He was attached to a wire.
Did you read the article attached? It's not about editing, it's about acceleration. He has a parabolic vertical acceleration and a near 0 horizontal acceleration. Those are both expected in a real video and difficult to fake because that's just how physics works. It'd be possible to fake, but physics wise, it's not only possible it's real, it'd probably be harder to fake that than do it for real.
I can't even tell if these comments are serious. It's obviously fake. And obviously the people who faked it weren't total morons and at least tried to make his flight path follow some laws of physics.
You are calling it fake because you just can't comprehend how good the best of the best athletes are. By definition their performance is at the edge of human ability so it's usually beyond what one has personally witnessed and therefore makes it look unbelievable. The video's been studied and the flight itself follows projectile physics https://www.wired.com/2008/11/kobe-bryant-jumping-over-a-pool-of-snakes/
Clearly a troll
It's 2020. I remember when that was on TV. We werent event drooling over the CGI in Avatar yet and even I immediately knew that was wires and probably a green screen. This shit really fooled you guys or did you think Kobe could actually jump that high and far? Right on if so
Here’s another angle, there is stuff in these players contracts like literally they aren’t allowed to go skiing during the season ect, this guy was making 30 mill a year which is like 300,000 at least per game, no way in hell would he be allowed/try to jump over a wet area and risk his body like that.
People who think Kobe actually jumped over that pool must think this is real too
I am no fan of snakes but I cannot imagine none were harmed in the making of this show?
I can’t imagine a snake owner would rent out his pets to be body slammed in a swimming pool. I think most of them are props with a few other lives ones for closeup shots. Gotta remember that if you schedule an animal for performance, that owner is usually really into taking care of it. Reptile people are weirdo obsessive about their pets. I don’t think any were in danger.
I’d imagine quite a few were rubber.
You're right actually, looking at when people actually dive in
Check this out, it's for one of the movies, so you could be right.
So that whole movie was pretty misleading then lol.
at the end of the day the Jackass series was just a stunt show with gross out gags and skits to fluff it up, in the early days it def was more raw, but by the time they were making the movies they had a decent budget for them.
This shit needs to be higher up. Everything they told me was a lie!
I stopped reading and pushed it out of my head. Nope. I will not feel like the fool who finds out wrestling is fake. I would rather be the blissful idiot who dies believing it's real.
Never would’ve guessed that bee-stunt wasn’t real. Damn, Dave England is a good actor
Jackass had a regular snake wrangler called David Weathers. He featured more heavily in the Wildboyz spinoff where Steve-O and Chris Pontius traveled the world doing insanely dangerous things with wild animals.
Weirdo obssesive huh? Isn't that pretty much most pet owners?
Am reptile owner, weirdly obsessed, this video just gave me extra anxiety, while most snakes are decent swimmers a lot of them aren’t meant to be in the water longer than just quick traveling, and who knows if they thought to not put chlorine in that water. Really hope it was just plain ass hose water
Yeah I think there are some on the ground, I can't imagine people were careful not to land or step on them
Well when ehren did the first jump and instantly dived out the other side it looks like he caused a snake to land outside the pool then he landed on it. I also think that these snakes are absolutely no danger to anyone while they are swimming/trying to reach solid land. So these guys acting all dicey is just for the camera really. It’s ridiculous, I love jackass but leave animals alone.
They dont like water like that either. Esp if its cold or being grouped together. This is abuse.
Ngl seems like animal abuse. As long as the snakes were ok
They weren’t, they were all just posterized by a goat. That will damage their psyche for years
Unfortunately, I hate to confirm this. But it is, in fact, clear in the evidence.
It’s true, I was one of the snakes
You,my ex?
Mamba on Mamba crime
we werent really woke back then. Looking back its 100% animal abuse
Steve-o talks about how much he regrets stunts like these frequently.
we werent really woke back then Oh, god.
I want to go back
Probably the worst sentence I’ve ever read
To be fair alot of snakes are great swimers. That being said its likely that that pool may have chemicals in it and it's even more likely that they got rid of the snakes in some horrible way or- even worse- decided to use them for even more shitty stunts.
Those family shots at the end were too much man.
Seeing Gigi just go nuts at every Kobe shot... This sucks so much.
It was kind of cathartic watching this again but, yeah, seeing Vanessa and the girls...heartbreaking.
Kobes speech at the end too, and the way Gianna was looking at him...
Man, my eyes just stay wet.
It's so wrong, man. It's so wrong that she was taken from the world before we could see what she could achieve with her life.
Honestly may have set the WNBA back 10 years. That was the future star power the league needed. Kobe was supposed to be the elder ambassador of the sport. The international impact and the intelligence he had made him a perfect candidate. Plus all the other endeavors that he had in the works I feel cheated.
This is so true. She would have brought a household name that would’ve immediately piqued interest in the league, and Kobe himself was working to grow the women’s game overall. And above all that of course is a young girl who’s life was cut tragically short.
Idk I always had a feeling that he'd become commissioner or something for the WNBA..
Never thought about this but yeah his impact on the sport was unquantifiable I have no doubt he would jump at that opportunity and of course kill it
I never thought about the impact this could have on the women's game until I read your comment. It was looking to set up so well. Kobe would have been an amazing ambassador for the WNBA (Not saying he wasn't already) once Gigi started playing
Yeah man, having daughters made him even more uniquely suited to reach an even broader audience. Still feels so surreal
“Mamba out.” ?
Dude I fucking list it. I’ve been crying for a minute now
She always had a huge smile on her face when courtside. Fuck, man.
Natalia smiles too, but she's more like her mom. Gianna was ALL KOBE :' (
It’s so unfair. She had her whole life ahead of her. So much to do and see.
I watched a podcast where Kobe talked about how after the game his daughters were saying things like “WOW daddy you did so good, I didn’t know you could do that” and he could only laugh and try to explain to them “that daddy used to do that all the time”. That was the first time his daughters got to see what we would call vintage Kobe, in my opinion it’s a beautiful thing they got to see their dad do what he loves at the highest level it could have been done.
"Vanessa, there's no way I can thank you enough..." His speech at the end was so fucking hard to watch
Kobe was supposed to be back at Staples Center in 2028, watching Gigi winning Olympic Gold just like her dad
This comment hit me right in my very soul
That would have been so dope
First comment I’ve seen about that ?
Life's not fucking fair, man.
everytime it cut to his family I couldn't hold back tears man
That part kept getting me too. I grew up a Reggie Miller fan and couldn't stand the Lakers and Kobe in the early 00's, but here I am watching these games crying. This is rough and I can't even imagine what the family is going through right now.
I grew up a suns fan and lakers killed us a couple times in the WCF. Same. iv been crying on and off last 24 hours.
Hey, I also grew up a Reggie fan! Didn't become a Kobe/Laker fan until after Reggie retired.
That was pure concentrated joy and adoration.
It's gonna get worse fuck
It can't get worse, can it? These last 2 days have been so difficult to get through. I'm fucking sad.
Wait till the next Laker game, the All star game, playoffs, and the HOF induction. It's gonna be rough man
Right at the end of the game, Kobe smiled and winked at you know had have been Gianna and my heart broke all over again.
I didn't want to cry today. Too late.
Goodbye mamba.
"Mamba Out" Legendfuckingdary
Friends come and go, but banners hang forever !
Forever a Legend
Thank you everyone especially fans of other teams who came and had a hella wholesome thread with us tonight. Means the world man
I hated Kobe growing up cause of the rivalry. Grew to respect him of course as all time great and rooted for him when his final game originally happened. Watching this game tonight I've cried several times and can't seem to completely stop. I'm glad we have all been able to come together through this tragedy.
Same here brother. My favorite player growing up was AI, so ever since 2001 I couldn’t stand him. He was just TOO good! Lol. Kobe was like the final boss for so many teams/fans, which is why people “hated” him. But underneath that “hate” was profound respect and admiration. I’m just glad, as I matured, I was able to appreciate his greatness.
He denied my Magic their fucking ring. Love to hate him.
I went to one of the Finals games that year in Orlando. Kobe dropped 20...in the first quarter. It was insane.
Thank you for this post here, that's exactly what I felt growing up being a Grizzlies fan but as much as you rooted against him, you couldn't deny what a great player he was. Like you said, as I matured, I was also able to appreciate his greatness, his drive, & focus. This hit me so hard man and I'm so happy to see positive posts like these.
Me too. It was between this game and seeing if the Warriors broke the record and everybody watched this game. I grew up hating Kobe. I loved TMac and always liked him more (it's dumb how fandon makes you dislike a player because people say he's better than another player). I also hated how he always desttoyed the Knicks but everyone did so I got over it. I thought he was an inefficient shot taker and his scandal pissed me off. However, in the latter part of his career and in post retirement, he had nothing but my respect. Kobe the father and mentor was just so great. Not to mention, Kobe the businessman and creator; I was so excited to see what he would do this decade. He had a lot more to give to the sport. RIP
Samesies, as a Spurs fan, I feel the exact same way about Shaq And Dirk too. It's only been in the last 5-6 years or so I realized how much these dudes mean to me.
I've never been on a game thread on this sub for even a quarter, much less a game before tonight. Being on that thread for two hours, reading others venting, while also seeing people treat the game as if it was happening in real time was therapeutic.
Raptors fan from Toronto, I was not into basketball at the time but I am glad we are part of his story with that 81 point game against us, we even have our CN Tower lit up in purple and gold. Stay strong LA.
Man I despised Kobe for 20 years but I watched that whole game with tears in my eyes. As Bron always says...it’s bigger than basketball
we are all lakers fans for a while now.
My 9 y.o. daughter didn’t really know Kobe before yesterday but she’s been really taken in over the past 30 hours and it’s led to to really deep convos. We’ve talked about heaven, infidelity, parenting, God’s sovereignty, basketball, coincidences, hard work, role models, helicopter safety, and so much more. I wasn’t the biggest fan of his, but I watch her watch him I can see she is just getting sucked in. I’m not sure she wouldn’t say he’s her favorite player. The toughest part was tonight as I let her watch the first quarter on ESPN. She’s getting so bummed as he starts 0/5. When he got hot and cashed that ridiculous near the end of the quarter she was so happy and then she looked up at me and said: “Daddy are you sure he’s dead?” “Yeah, baby. He’s gone” “Dad are you absolutely sure they just haven’t found them yet? Is there any way he’s still alive...”
I hate when kids realize life is short. I mean, it's good for them to realize it, everyone has to, but death just stinks.
Had a childhood friend in 4th grade drop dead on the playground because her heart stopped working. I don't think I've quite gotten over it at 30. I don't know why I'm typing this to you stranger. Death sucks man I'm crying now :(
Life is the longest thing you’ll ever do.
My brother is 10 and called me at school crying. He’s just starting to get into sports and understand death and was devastated. I remember playing 2k10 when I was his age with Kobe on the cover. Saying “Kobe” every time I threw something out at school. Thinking about his legendary work ethic when I didn’t want to work out in high school. Seeing the impact he had on a 10 year old in Cleveland who doesn’t even remember him playing makes you realize how much his death resonates
those are deep conversations. I'm not ready for my daughter to turn 9.
just think back to when u were 9. u as an adult are overthinking it but kid isnt honestly. theyll go onto the next thing and move on right after the convo
Mines only 2, you are giving me a panic attack
“are you absolutely sure they just haven’t found them yet? Is there any way he’s still alive...” I felt the same way at first and I'm a grown ass man.
are you absolutely sure they just haven’t found them yet? Is there any way he’s still alive I still kind of feel like this. I know better, but this feeling is just lingering.
yep you got me crying again
Thank you for sharing that.
I'm an adult and I keep asking myself that last question.
By far the toughest part of watching that game is seeing the multiple times they cut to his family on the floor and seeing the joy in his family, specifically Gianna's face.
Seeing Kobe after the game win or lose being greeted with his wife and daughters was a ritual
2:34:50 Kobe celebrates with his family.
I wasn’t ready for that. For fuck sake I wish god would have taken me instead
Omg the hand shake. I’m crying at work. Man
Him thanks his wife and his daughters for their sacrifices, jesus christ, I was not ready for that. That shit hit wayyyy too close to home.
I've heard the phrase "my heart hurts" before and always thought it was just a saying that people said. After this, it's definitely not just a saying... It feels so awful to think what his family is going through man
That's part of the beauty of the human experience. The compassion you are feeling is bittersweet, but an amazing phenomenon.
I can’t believe you’ve never felt this before, but I also hope you rarely ever have to feel it again.
I didn't experience the death of a friend until I was 22 years old. Now in my mid-30s and I still haven't experienced the death of a close family member. Knowing that it will (most likely) eventually happen is one of my biggest fears.
This so much
The look of awe and joy on her face after Kobe gave the Lakers the lead, as the stadium erupted in cheer brought me to tears. Every time they showed the family it was hard to stomach, but that moment took me down
One day it won't cause you pain. It will bring pleasant memories. It will be cool to see the family together.
I planned to watch it with everyone but saw someone mention there will be family shots and I just noped out of there. Couldn’t do it.
60 points. The madlad actually scored 60 points, in his final game ever, with 13 of then coming in the final 2:16. HE MADE KANYE SMILE! I don't care what the Lakers record was at the time. That performance was legendary, period.
Kobe Bryant: 5x NBA Champion 1x MVP 15x All-NBA 18x All-Star 1x Made Kanye Smile
2x look at Ye's Twitter, so saddened https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/1221558611320528896?s=19 Edit: link
Still wild to me that Kobe only had 1 MVP. I don't think it should ever be used against a players legacy. Should just speak to how fucking insanely difficult it is to win an MVP.
Don't forget he won an Oscar too.
1x Oscar Winner.
Different Animal, Same Beast
Kobe's final game - full length
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y64OsZNYhp0 For the last 3 minutes. The call and crowd atmosphere sound is way better
Man i have never intentionally watched a game of basketball, i know NOTHING about the game. But this brought me some serious chills. You don't need game knowledge to see what's happening here. RIP
i'm chilled
The first reply on that video that's not from the uploader. 9mo ago "...they always said the last thing Kobe would do is pass"
so good
Damn hard to watch that without shaking a little and crying a lot
2:34:50 Kobe celebrates with his family. Have your tissues ready.
MVP
It was the most points scored in a game that season.
Fam, this is fantastic context, no sarcasm. People will say it was inefficient, but we look at that roster and then tell me 33% from 3 wasn’t respectable that year.
They were a 17 win team that year. Anyone talking about efficiency was missing the entire point. No one came to see efficient basketball or Kobe passing to Jordan Clarkson and Ryan Kelly, they came to see a legend ball out one last time.
So did the Jazz. Didn’t double team him really at all, certainly not at the end.
You still need to make those fucking ludicrous shots over an NBA defender. The last two to almost tie and take the lead are insane. He absolutely rose to the importance of that moment. Not many would be able to do that.
if you watched the entire game, youd see why they were that trash. my girl saw this game today and its the only kobe game she saw ever, she said the entire first 3 quarters were so trash and ugly, but the last quarter was ahmazing, I can kind of see why people loved him so much.
That's absolutely insane. He was truly one of a kind. RIP Mamba.
If anyone could pull that off it’d be him. And of course...
Sat there looking like the terminator with ice pads strapped to every joint on his body, sweating like a motherfucker.. The true definition of ‘win at all costs’ I know it sounds stupid, but I just thought Kobe was too big and tall and smart to die.. absolute fucking tragedy.
im 19 and was absolutely convinced that i would die before Kobe did....he just always seemed invincible.
We like to think our heroes are invincible, but that only happens in comic books
when Byron asked him if he still had 7 more minutes left him in and kobe responded 'Absolutely'. That was just fucking pure Mamba for me
[deleted]
I just remember everyone watching the Warriors game to see them beat the record then slowly everyones phones started blowing up with "Kobes popping off", by the end of the night no one was watching the Warriors, everyone was watching Kobe give Utah the business
I was just chilling playing video games and saw somewhere, idk if it was on my phone or someone saying something in game about it but i just fuckin left and ran to the tv to turn the game on
The long pull-up two to put them ahead... I miss shots like that.
He could go 0-99 and still sell his soul for a chance to take the 100th shot, and believe with every fiber of his being that it’ll be nothing but net.
Yeah he was clutch. Still can wrap my head around it, Kobe seemed like inmortal, most cold blooded dude ever
He said it himself: you couldn’t write it yourself better than that.
All of staples center was electric. Amazing finish to an amazing career. RIP KOBE
Props to Hayward. If you notice right before Kobe’s FT, he steps into the lane so if he missed, he gets another
Even re-watching the game seeing the Lakers down 86-96 with a little over 2 minutes left - it's absolutely insane how storybook that ending was. Saddest part of me was seeing Gigi go nuts after Kobe pulled up from 3 to make it a 95-96 ballgame. Goddamn.
Kobes little wink to his family at the end...
That’s the one that got me. Fuck it’s still so surreal.
https://gfycat.com/pettyshockedgallinule R.I.P
Rest easy Kobe and Gigi ??
Damn dude, this hits in the feels
Fuck man, this one finally got me.
This shit is killing me
This is the one that got me man... unbelievable.
Why did I even click this. Ugh. I knew it was gonna just make me sadder about it.
Imagine Gianna looking at Kobe right there, looking like a superhero who took over and saved the Lakers from losing.
Okay that broke me. Thank you for that gif. I’ve been awkwardly (unexpectedly?) depressed about the death of Kobe and his daughter but no tears until that gif. That’s beautiful and says so much about him as a father, player, human in general. He was finally at peace with himself because young Kobe would be focused on making that clock hit 0.0 while the Lakers had a bigger # than the opposing team.
[deleted]
Awww this is so sad. You can tell he's so thankful for their years of support! He's so thankful to finish his last game with them there! I just can't stop asking why Kobe? why did he have to die like that? RIP to everyone of the victims.
Fuck
“Mamba out” I started balling
balling It’s what Kobe would’ve wanted
I needed this laugh
I turned off the tv. Sitting in darkness. My eyes are just wet, I’m not crying.
Its a terrible day for rain...
That’s- You know what? Me too.
I walked into Seatac to see it on every screen, and people everywhere just…watching and talking. Then the video cuts to the family. I barely made it to the plane before I lost it.
I feel like I’m in some Truman Show thinking that this is all a cruel joke.
[deleted]
https://i.imgur.com/CWWw0D7.mp4
Damn all things considered it doesn’t even feel right watching this in some weird way. Like sure it is in the middle of an nba game but it almost feels too personal to look at for me. Like I can imagine for the family looking back that is a very special moment so I feel like by watching it I am infringing
Maybe it’s cause he passed. This wasn’t really a private moment. Kobe was averaging like 17 points a game and then goes off in his final game. He brings his team back from being down 10 with two minutes left and the crowd was electric. His family was hyped and his daughters were excited for him because, quite frankly, he hadn’t been lighting the place up like that recently. Vanessa blew him a kiss and he winked back like, “see? I still got it! You remember? I’m having fun.” But he wanted the world to see him on that night, and we did.
Fuck :(
Lol at the kid dabbing behind them
They were all in black... Eerie. I’m hurt, man.
Gianna looking on with a smile ear to ear while he was speaking to the city. that’s a superhero to everyone in the crowd, but she only ever knew of that superhero as “dad”. god bless the both of em.
How he just goes from stone-faced, competition mode to a quick smile and wink... that right there embodies how important all of it was to him.
Yup! Seeing the shots of the family during that run just was crushing.
Man I lost it at that part. I held it together for the whole game and then I just started balling.
That’s when I stated bawling
For me it was his little handshake with GiGi...
the constant family shots had me breaking
Hurt me more than anything else watching this
He was such a dad. His poor family.
Went into the original game thread from that night and someone commented that they looked like they were dressed for his funeral. Obviously the guy wasn’t trying to be malicious but it shook me reading that while watching this
my eyes man ???
The smile on her face during that timeout while the crowd was erupting got me.
I was legitimately rooting him on as if I’d never watched this game before, haha. It was fun being able to watch that again with fans who truly love the game and loved Kobe.
Probably my fav game ever, especially now. That was surprisingly comforting.
Seriously. I was smile crying the whole time. Good move by ESPN, I feel like we collectively needed this
Gianna hopping up and down mouthing "I love you" during Kobe's speech...
That 3 to bring them to 1. That shot to take the lead. Goosebumps then. Goosebumps now.
An absolute thrill. I honestly haven't seen the game so I had no idea how it was gonna end. LeBron it's on you big dog.
I just remember this was the same night GSW beat the record and this completely overshadowed it. What a legend
That 3 was some GOAT shit
He could go 0-99 and still sell his soul for a chance to take the 100th shot, and believe with every fiber of his being that it’ll be nothing but net.
I thought I was watching a different game but nope, Kobe came in clutch as hell. RIP Mamba
Seeing Gigi smiling when he’s talking to the crowd killed me. seeing her smile and being so proud of her dad man, this sucks..
This game was the first time I felt like a kid again. I was jumping up and down just like they were. Thank you kobe.
That's classic Kobe and the reason why I couldn't stop smiling during the entire final minutes. Kobe's done this so many times before. Whenever the Lakers were down double digits with 2 minutes left, we just knew Kobe would win it for us.
Until now, I hadn't experienced tears welling up in the eyes following the tragedy, only complete numbness - as if I'm frozen in time trying to process the information, or trying not to process it... But seeing the video of Kobe introducing Gigi and Luka to each other broke me (if all the cutaway shots of Gigi and the family ecstatically cheering him on didn't do so already), and the tears immediately sprung into existence. The way Kobe pauses his interaction with Luka, looks over at Gigi and embraces her with one arm - pulling her closer and drawing Luka's attention to her... the love, compassion and pride he has for her was palpable, and it felt like it was radiating and bursting out of the TV screen during that gentle embrace to pierce my consciousness with a horrible truth - the truth that this divine display of the love between a father and daughter, and the deep, personal connection and understanding that the two shared beyond their family bond, had been taken away from us. In that moment, it isn't just Luka that is seeking validation and recognition from Kobe (even though Kobe has already given him that abundantly); Kobe as well wants Luka's recognition, but not for himself… In that moment he cares not for his basketball legacy, or how much the man in front of him thinks the world of him... He just wants that same man to notice and acknowledge the existence of Gigi - his true legacy, and not merely because she admires Luka, but mainly because Kobe admires her. And Gigi... I was blown away by her maturity and character; she wasn't overly or even noticeably starstruck when meeting a huge idol of hers, and was completely professional in the exchange. She's most likely received some informal publicity training/tips - I would assume by Kobe himself (he loved spending time and sharing his wisdom with her). Which makes the whole exchange and the thought of Kobe being just as invested in his daughter's life as he was in his own, and preparing Gigi for her future in almost every way possible (basketball itself, how to handle the media, countless life lessons, etc.) even more heartfelt, yet all the more heartbreaking.
Yeah I don't think anything hurt me more than the shift to the family
It's still wild to me that they come back and get the W. Then watching it now...seeing him hot that big 3, then the cut to the family. Man...couldn't take it.
“To an Athlete Dying Young,” – A.E. Housman The time you won your town the race We chaired you through the market-place; Man and boy stood cheering by, And home we brought you shoulder-high. Today, the road all runners come, Shoulder-high we bring you home, And set you at your threshold down, Townsman of a stiller town. Smart lad, to slip betimes away From fields where glory does not stay, And early though the laurel grows It withers quicker than the rose. Eyes the shady night has shut Cannot see the record cut, And silence sounds no worse than cheers After earth has stopped the ears. Now you will not swell the rout Of lads that wore their honours out, Runners whom renown outran And the name died before the man. So set, before its echoes fade, The fleet foot on the sill of shade, And hold to the low lintel up The still-defended challenge-cup. And round that early-laurelled head Will flock to gaze the strengthless dead, And find unwithered on its curls The garland briefer than a girl’s.
Fuck. That is very good.
Thank you for sharing this.
God we need Tirico calling NBA games again. Supreme poise and awareness of when he can elevate a moment and when he needs to just let what’s unfolding speak for itself
He was a huge loss for ESPN
But at least they picked a booger
His D Lill buzzer beater call is iconic
It still hurts to watch but he makes that moment so much better.
Link by any chance?
Here it is
yeah Tirico's call is class on that shot
You rock. That was insane.
I think this is it
He meant the rockets one.
Idk nothing about basketball but insane that guy has 2
I remember watching this one live. Dame is unbelievable! Thanks for sharing.
Its lillard he got the shot off!
LILLARD GOT IT
If there is a silver lining from this, he's Al Michaels' heir apparent on Sunday Night Football on NBC.
And hopefully he brings a buddy to replace Collinsworth.
This shit fucked me up all over again, bawling my eyes out every point he scored at the end. Especially every cut to Gianna on the sideline. Shit aint fucking fair
My favorite moment from that game is after he hits the shot to put them up 1 they cut to Shaq and he’s got the biggest fuckin’ grin on his face.
Man, you know, I think a lot of people would take Kobe’s life if they could, even going out at 41 the dude lived a hell of a lot and his name is etched in the annals of NBA history, but losing his daughter at the same time he goes down is the part that really, really sucks.
That is true. There is an ESPN clip where TMac says this is how Kobe wanted to live his life. Losing Kobe is one thing, and once the initial shock wears off, he could be celebrated but the kids and the families lost is truly tragic. This one hurts.
Not quite the same, but I keep thinking, "fuck, You should've taken me, leave Kobe, GiGi, and the rest of those poor people alone." RIP.
The entire situation is absolutely fucking heartbreaking, but thinking about Gigi being in that helicopter is still making my stomach turn.
Saw this post and it took me a second to realize that this was about the game 3 years ago. My immediate reaction upon realization was "fuck off......". I knew I was gonna cry. Am a guy who rarely feel emotions but this thread fucking got me. This is the first time since hearing about the news that my eyes teared up.
He killed it in the last few minutes. Could have easily bricked all those shots.
That last jumpshot to put them up is just as raw as the day it happened live So is this speech man fuck
Four years removed and not even a Lakers fan, and I still fist-pumped.
Such a perfect final bucket for him. Pull up jumper, hand in his face, nothing but net
Still remember the moment he hit that. I got up in silence, I did the Conor Mcgregor strut, then yelled Kobe! My guy...
Had to turn it on for his last game. He’s Kobe fuckin’ Bryant!
There will never be anyone like him.
It’s like he turned back the clock for those last two minutes, like it was 2006 again. Unreal.
even making those two free throws. poetic.
Just in case he didn't Gordon Hayward would have bailed him out. https://twitter.com/barstoolsports/status/1221966624351313920?s=08
Don’t you understand. He COULDN’T miss those shots That what he always said. He’d already put up each those shots thousands of time. So what’s a thousand and one?
But he didn’t. Because he’s Kobe.
[deleted]
I remember that game like it was yesterday even though it's been almost 4 years. Here's a thread where people were discussing his 60 points. https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4epnyy/kobe_gets_60_points/d2285b6/
How the hell has it been 3.5 years? I mean that doesn’t even feel real? Kobe’s last game was 2 months BEFORE the warriors blew a 3-1 lead!(!!!!!) Watching it live was monumental. It was surreal. Growing up on him, it was a “you had to be there” moment, and it’s been 3.5 years? Time flies in the sports world. Really makes you appreciate getting to watch greatness at every level of every sport. RIP Kobe
It feels like just last night he dropped 60.
The most liked post on my fb feed is when I posted Kobe's highlights after the game. It read "Where were you when GSW beat Bulls single season record? Watching Kobe drop 60." I don't even have that many basketball fans added.
Welp. I found my comment which was so full of hope and joy about Kobe's future...
Man someone said "can't wait to show my kids the 30 for 30 when it comes out". It's gonna be a lot different than what anyone would've thought back then
Gosh, this was one hell of a game. I remember it a little. Last day of the season. The choices were watch GSW destroy whomever to become the winningest regular season team or watch Kobe's final game. I'm glad I chose this game.
Bawling when Kobe winked at Vanessa
It’s crazy how small gestures like that mean so much more after something tragic occurs
Even at the moment, Kobe was just so suave
this is so fucked man ?? prayers out to all you laker folk ? solidarity ??
Thanks homes. NBA fam forever ?
Thanks, u/AffectionateZombie
We gotta cherish those moments now!
It was like a “thanks for everything, I’ll be there with you forever starting tomorrow”. ...
I did not need these tears.
such a cathartic moment. couldnt imagine being this excited to watch this game for the umpteenth time.
everything he said, everything he did just took on a whole new meaning tonight
The shot of Gigi smiling and clapping during the final timeout was what broke me
That was oddly therapeutic.
It really was. Glad ESPN ran it and glad Reddit made a game thread. Needed this.
Everyone in here has brought me some solace. Thank you.
Man it really was. I was getting nervous and shit with like 2 minutes to go, I was no fuckin way he does it!
Watching his iconic games helps me deal with this shit to some degree. I'm still in denial though. This can't be true man.
That go ahead deep 2 was classic. I’m sad.
What better shot to be Kobe's final field goal ever than a deep, well-defended, falling-sideways-yet-has-perfect-form 2-pointer to take the lead in the last minute of a huge comeback win? TRICK QUESTION, THERE COULDN'T POSSIBLY HAVE BEEN ANYTHING BETTER.
Exactly. That’s the shot that I wish could become the new logo man. It was pure basketball, pure perfection. It didn’t matter how tired he was. It didn’t matter how hurt he was. It didn’t matter. That was the shot that he practiced millions of times in the gym and on the court, just muscle memory for the perfect ending. At that moment I really believed that he defined basketball. Just so beautiful and so elegant......
Heart > Efficiency
As a Laker fan, it’s so heartwarming to see everyone from different fanbases rooting for my favorite player ever like he’s one of your own. We’re all one fam tonight ??
I love sports man. It feels like the NBA will never be the same and I honestly believe it.
It won’t be.
It really won't be. It's kinda unprecedented too. What other sports legends died tragically within a couple years of their retirement?
[deleted]
Senna, Clemente, Kobe, Michael. Michael and Kobe has recently retired and were just beginning their journeys into fatherhood. Senna was ripped from us in his absolute prime. I don’t know a whole lot about Clemente but my 60 year old father still misses him every day. It doesn’t get easier. F1 still has a gaping hole where Ayrton Senna and Michael Schumacher existed. I’m so glad that Kobe got to acknowledge Lebron’s greatness on Friday night. All Lewis Hamilton has to look forward to are the memories of his idols, rather than their words as he joins them in greatness.
It was also potentially a massive loss for the WNBA.
I have never hated anyone more than I hated Kobe. I have never mourned a celebrity like I have Kobe.
I couldn't have said it better myself. He wasn't just my hero but so many people's hero. RIP Black Mamba
Loved how supportive Kobe was of players who came after him. A lot of former players whine about missing the old days, but Kobe always wanted the game to thrive.
So passionate about the game. All he wanted to do was share his knowledge with everyone. He was like the father of the NBA.
And I'm not even talking about as a teacher or mentor. Kobe wanted the game of basketball itself to succeed and inspire others. He pushed himself into the role of an active ambassador of the sport and a passive symbol for what can be achieved.
How much his death affected fans globally really shows how much of an ambassador to the game of basketball he was.
And not just basketball. You saw how much of an impact he had on a lot of famous athletes and other celebrities. Look at Neymar and Djokovic’s tributes for example.
I have a friend who is currently working as a teacher in a fairly small city in western China. He said when Kobe passed it was like a day of national mourning. The school he taught at held a special prayer at their assembly, and had a vigil for him in their gym. He said that the entire school attended, many people were in tears. I don’t think I know of any other American, much less American athlete, to garner that type of reaction from people in such a seemingly remote part of the world. Long Live Mamba.
Kobe is like Hercules. A figure that will turn into myth and whose name will live forever. He's honestly at that level. People will love him forever.
The All Might of Basketball
plus ultra :(
The spirit of Mamba for All lives on.
It's the Achilles parallel he seemed to be so drawn to: a glorious young figure who made such an impact in such a short period, that long after he's gone his abilities will remain remembered. And that's how Achilles wanted it. Whether Kobe truly felt that way we'll never know.
Yeah Achilles seems the better comparison, unfortunately....
Michael Jackson probably
He was worshipped. ? Haven't really accepted his death yet. I don't think I will. He's on display on this current generation of players. And its up to them to uphold the Mamba mentality. Us too. Long Live Mamba.
Interesting how Americans view China as remote. I feel like a not insignificant minority of Chinese people, especially those from bigger cities, have at least one cousin who went out to Flushing and quipped, "It's exactly like here - but dirtier."
This is true. I both hated and loved watching Michael. But face it off the court, he only does one iota of what he can for the community and the game. Kobe was out there mentoring people of all ages. Lebron is handing out free rides to poor inner city kids in his hometown. I dont really know what MJs legacy going to be off the court, but I know it wont be as strong as the other two GOATs.
i mean, even a cursory search online can tell you that's he's been doing lots of things for people & charities his entire career. he doesn't seem to like to publicize it, which is understandable this is a really weird practice, measuring people's humanity against each other (with often sensationalized & incorrect claims) in what ultimately amounts to an argument surrounding basketball
It’s so crazy to think about the transformation of Kobe over the years. He went from the villain to the hero, from disliking players to being a heavy proponent of the growth in the WNBA and training players. It goes to show you how age and maturity can give you humility
I talked about it once, and that's part of the reason I love Kobe so much. He improved himself as his career passed, as you said. I hate how people like to bring up his 2003 scandal, yet people forget he was vilified by the media and lost a bunch of endorsement deals (part of the reason he is with Nike now). Most people who do bad stuff, they usually do it again in the dark. But Kobe learned from his mistakes and his experience, and I believe he really redeemed himself because he really loved his family after. Especially when he retired, he focused a lot on them willingly. Truly an amazing human being. Thank you, Kobe.
A-Rod had a similar transformation in baseball. Albeit, I think Kobe's impact was much greater (especially since the NBA is a more interconnected community and affects those who use social media way more due to demographics). However, the public image perception change of both Kobe and A-rod is very similar imo. A-Rod went from being hated to beloved
I really don't think is a very good comparison at all. Kobe was the villain because of his relentlessness and talent. He'd cut your heart out and was willing to sacrifice his own body to do it. A-Rod was a villain because he was a cheater and very smug about the whole thing. Also, Kobe was incredibly knowledgeable about the game of basketball and very insightful and eloquent when discussing it. A-Rod is widely considered by most baseball fans to be an unbelievably terrible announcer and is constantly meme'd for it. Thinking on it, I honestly can't come up with a solid baseball comparison for Kobe. All the generational icons of the sport are either actually assholes instead of genuinely just competitive (Bonds, A-Rod) or incredibly nice off the field (Griffey Jr, Pujols). Kobe was one of a kind.
He may be a bad announcer, but if you listen to A-rod break down baseball, he's insanely knowledgeable about it, and clearly has a deep love for it just like Kobe does. A-Rod was also hated due to his arrogance and how successful he was, plus being combatative with his teammates. Idk if you remember, but when he joined the Yankees and got into fights with Jeter, it was a pretty big deal. I'm not saying they're exactly the same, but they are very similar in their overall changed perceptions. A-Rod is pretty beloved publicly now, when he was hated even as little as 5-7 years ago.
Also, Kobe was incredibly knowledgeable about the game of basketball and very insightful and eloquent when discussing it. A-Rod is widely considered by most baseball fans to be an unbelievably terrible announcer and is constantly meme'd for it. That just isn't true. A-Rod is wildly knowledgeable in baseball. I'll give you the fact that he is a terrible announcer. But when he's in 1 on 1 segments, or breaking down the game..he's just as eloquent and insightful discussing it as Kobe was.
I'm not questioning A-Rod's baseball knowledge. He is clearly God-tier at that, amongst the greatest in the history of the game, but what I am saying is that he is an awful announcer who often misspeaks, flubs lines, forgets players names and is awful with details, which in my opinion are things that prevent one from being considered eloquent. Kobe was apparently a dude who spent time learning new languages and their proper pronunciations just to speak to other people on their level and whose writing and narration won him a goddamn Academy Award. There's a pretty big gulf between being a terrible announcer/public speaker (which you agree that A-Rod is) and being so good at communicating your thoughts and feelings that the one time you choose to do it creatively and publicly on the biggest stage possible, you win an Oscar on your first try. So it's that kind of dedication and attention to detail that I think separates Kobe from A-Rod in this regard.
The closest comparison would probably be Jeter? In his prime, non-Yankee fans hated Jeter...either because he was winning, or because he was doing everything he could to win. In his latter years, when his production regressed and time caught up to his body, those same non-fans started to warm up to him. In that final year, there was a lot of respect exchanged openly.
That’s who I’d go with as well. Played his whole career with a legendary organization and had a legendary last game on a less than great team to boot. That farewell commercial for Jeter where he gets outta the car and walks to the stadium made me tear up when I first saw it.
Kobe was a villain in large part because of the sexual allegations against him in early 2000s. Not saying there wasn’t some hate there because of his talent level, but to chalk up all the negative perception he had against him early in his career to “talent and relentlessness” is 100% rewriting history
Disagree. There was a lot of hate on Kobe a year or two after his drafting. He rubbed a lot of ppl the wrong way. The media didn't help with the constant Jordan comparisons. Plus he went to the Lakers, the official team of bandwagon fans. From what I remember the sexual assault case didn't really change fan perception. You either liked him or hated him regardless of the case
Do you think he was really widely perceived as a hero before this accident though? Not to speak ill of the dead but I feel like he was very love or hate, with a lot of people disliking him.
Yes. His retirement was the turning point not his death. I'm sure his death changed many minds but the tide turned at some point between his Achilles tear and his retirement - it humanized him and he did nothing but good off the court once he was done playing.
Yea. Even before this he was so much more beloved. After his Achilles tear it’s like something personality wise changed. So much more warm when interviewing, smiling much more. It’s like he got to a point where it was like “I gave this game all I had, and I’m content. Now I can just be happy”. Even his wife was saying how happy he was to just have time to be there for his kids. Just look at Kobe interviews from recent to maybe a decade or so ago and you can see the change in the man. So pissed we aren’t gonna see what else had in store for us.
I think you’re spot on with this. Especially the last part. There are very few athletes that you’re fascinated by their retirement life. The children’s books, the short film, the mamba sports academy all seemed like the tip of the iceberg for him.
From my side (even as a Kings fan) he was liked. At the very least respected. But the main thing that I took note of was how he mentored a lot of the young athletes and tried to impart his wisdom on them. That was very much an eye opening piece for me, him trying to lift others up.
Absolutely he was loved. Just look at his farewell tour. When has that ever happened in NBA or even sports?
Mariano Rivera and Derek Jeter in the MLB.
It happened with Kareem (one team gave the man a boat!), but I don't think it happened with anyone else. Of course, not many players announce beforehand that it'll be their last season. (I recall some stuff for Dirk, though, but not nearly on the scale that Kobe got.)
That was because Dirk’s plans to retire weren’t confirmed. Wade got a Kobe-like goodbye, though playing for other teams hurt that narrative. But Dirk? He definitely would’ve received the same treatment as Kobe.
Hey it’s that term?
Dirk never wanted a farewell tour, only Wade did
True. Oh, and shout-out to Paul Pierce, 'cause they don't love him like that.
Personally think its more about having daughters, and then really caring about their growth and success. I've seen that same transformation in so many other actively (yet non overbearingly) engaged dads of girls. Including my own dad with my sister.
Did your sister turn out to be classy young lady?
Yeah it’s sad that people judge Kobe so harshly on something that happened in his early 20s.
We dont know if it’s true, but if so it’s a lot worse than “something that happened”
At least it was an isolated incident, it’s not like he’s Bill Cosby or Michael Jackson or R Kelly where there’s multiple victims I really do think that 2003 Colorado incident changed Kobe’s life, I mean if you think about it after that there was really no Kobe drama for the rest of career/life (sigh)
nah kobe stayed cheating on his wife afterwards they almost got divorced in 2011 lmao I still am shocked by his death though, he began a legend through his hard work and that inspired people beyond just basketball shit
I expect some stuff to some out about him still cheating.
Not saying he’s right, but he was a a rich young superstar in LA. It would just be too easy for him.
Aight that’s fair - I meant like there wasn’t a string is sexual assault victims that came forth to say that they were raped by Kobe. My wording was definitely confusing so I apologize about that
Whenever I saw him helping Celtics players, I hated it because it felt like he was helping the enemy when the Lakers were in such a sad state, but now I appreciate what he was doing. Passing down his knowledge so basketball could always move forward and evolve was a noble goal.
this is my main counter-point to everyone who says 'naming an award after kobe would be reacitonary and stupid' (looking at half the people on /r/nba)... kobe literally inspired a whole generation of players, and his story is amazing enough to inspire future generations as well. there might have been better players overall (maybe a small handful), but kobe has to be top 2 or 3 in terms of how many people he's impacted. and if you think the league is better off naming awards after former league administrators / accountants / lawyers (e.g. championship trophy named after larry o'brien, league MVP named after an accountant) then i dont know what to say...
It's alot of great players who shared their knowledge but Kobe really did make it his life mission to share his knowledge with everyone. You can go on YouTube and you'll see all of these videos of Kobe sharing what motivated him and what he feels people need to hear.
He loved the game too much. He always wanted the next generation to have the same mindset as him and even learn some of his techniques, like he did from jordan. After he retired he reached out to so many people ( young or not ) to just talk about the game , about the mentality. That's insane man, he may be gone but his impact on the game is everlasting.
I like sports history, so I won’t doubt that part of the game has become soft, but on the flipside, part of it has become more complicated and shifting towards more positionless players. Kobe was wonderful in the fact that he wanted the sport of basketball to succeed no matter how it changes. He was willing to share his knowledge so that basketball could be taken to an even higher level. He showed appreciation for the guys that came before, and the guys that came after and that looked up to him. Basketball lost such a great ambassador. :(
Let’s not pretend Kobe didn’t hate how soft/complacent some players were in this instagram generation (no judgement just saying) . He just loved a competitor, didn’t matter who. He just wanted complete from you, and that is to be absolutely commended.
"Back in my day, he wouldn't score nothin' on me" Ok, Boomer
I've broken into tears multiple times for the past few weeks trying to put into perspective of why its effecting me like this and this is kinda how I see it. I honestly didn't think it would hit me this hard. I had his jerseys up on my wall in my room at my parents place since high school (33yrs old now). It was like a freakin shrine of the dude. My wife used to make fun of me for being such a fan boy especially since I never hero worship celebrities.. but this guy wasn't just a celebrity. He was the reason I fell in love with this game. He was my connection to this game. If you've been a fan of the NBA during the 2000s, chances are that you saw Kobe's face almost on a weekly basis for 20 years (even if you're not a Lakers fan); He was always on sportscenter or some other highlight package. He was always there. He was the embodiment of reliability. Not many things are reliable in life, but he said "fuck that" and showed up every night. He was the guy you could count on to put on a Hurculean effort when needed, and even sometimes when it wasn't needed. He wasn't just a connection to the game for a lot of people, he was the game. I am holding onto LeBron now to carry on that larger than life embodiment of the game.
Pretty much how I looked at it. Think about it. He came in the league at 17 and retired at what 37? We not only grew up with him but we watched him grow too. For 20 plus years he’s been all in our homes whether it’s on TV, video games, posters, phones. And it’s been great to see him grow Not just as a player but as a man. For the final few years of his career it was surreal to watch him change from this killer, to an ambassador of the game, giving back, providing us documentaries not only on his psyche basketball wise but as a man. We started seeing Kobe transition into the family man ready for his next chapter with his family where you can just tell how happy he was. And his daughter was in love with the game too and we were all gonna watch her grow and him teach her the game as well. This wasn’t just an athlete. This was an icon. On and off the court. I remember my heart dropping when I read the headline the first time. This empty feeling. I’ll never forget it. People have been saying it’ll go away over time like every celebrity but i really don’t think I’ll ever get over it. I think I’ll always just have a moment where it hits me that “man, Kobe Bryant is dead”. This is gonna hurt forever. Rest easy Bean ?
You put that so much more eloquently than I could. It’s the fact that we saw a 17 yr old cocky kid grow up into a man and a father. A guy who went from having a perpetually angry scowl on his face to the warmest smile when he talks about the game and his daughters. He was in this zone that he created for himself and played in that mindset for 2 decades and he finally stepped out and opened up so much for everyone. So damn heart breaking.
Growing up in LA without a father in mid 90's and being a big fan of basketball, I would be heavily remiss to say he wasn't an idol, a role model, and a hero all in one. The impact he had on so many people from all over the world is incredible. And that he managed to do so primarily through his love of the game of basketball makes it more inspiring. Even without ever meeting face to face, or ever talking, he taught me a lot about what it means to be a man, what it means to work hard, how you turn a dream into reality, and how you can always will a bad situation into a good one. Importnatly, he showed me what it means to grow up. We watched him go from the plucky 17 year old we saw taking brandy to prom and airballing late game shots to a guy who was reknowned as a basketball assassin, the most skilled player of his generation, a man with a will of pure steel. We watched him grow from a kid who eats McDonalds too much, to meticulously caring for his body to maximize his career length. He was a real one for sure, not many people are able to be so purely themselves and be able and ready to share that with everyone else to the extent he did. Not only that, but the pureness of his dream, despite his massive success, was also consummately special. So much so, when he described this love in the form of an animated short, it received the highest awards honors possible, an academy award. Rest in Peace Bean, you'll be missed forever.
Oof, right in the feels man. I grew up in LA without a father either and this man was the role model I looked up most to. I had other role models but Kobe was always the personification of that killer and baller. I thought I was done weeping but Jesus. Rest in peace KB8/24.
I know bro. It's like a bad dream you can't wake up from.
Man, growing up in socal you'd see his face and the lakers 24/7.
One of my gripes about MJ is that he never really gave anything to the next generation. He seemed to only embrace certain players while shunning everyone else. Don’t get me wrong, I still appreciate his greatness.
I mean MJ mentored kobe. To the point he was giving him tips in game.. Plus he had his basketball camps , I guess
Hes an owner. He cant do what kobe was doing without looking like hes trying to recruit players.
He had been retired for 7+ years before he even went into ownership.
Sure but MJ also didn't have a daughter to drag him back in like gianna did. Kobe was dead set on ignoring the NBA for his family. He and his family earned to have him back at home
that’s the problem, he’s not even a good owner.
You wish he would share some of that knowledge with the guys under contract with him
MJ was never going to china every year to promote the game my man
[deleted]
He defintely didnt have to, i agree, but I was just saying that is something that he could have done and would in no way impact his standing as an owner. The bottom line is its just not something he cared to do, push the limits of basketball in other countries. I mean lets be honest MJ didn't even take as much interest in his OWN kids careers in basketball as kobe. No way in hell MJ would have offered to coach his sons team, let alone his daughters, let alone say that the kid was going to carry on his legacy lol. The quote at the top of the post is "talent is worthless if you don't share it." that is the talking point. MJ did not share his talent as much as kobe IDK what the argument is. You can say he didnt have to and i would agree, but to say its entirely because he was an owner is a cheap cop out.
That I agree with you, he could have done kobe's role as a motivator but I guess he felt he's done enough for the game.
Ya its tough because he did a lot, he really did, but i think the point is that Kobe really did go above and beyond in certain places. Really not trying to take away from MJ, he is the GOAT and without him we don't have any of this so its all important, but ya that is what i meant.
MJ doesn't strike me as a guy who would hold his kid's hands to follow his footsteps. They either grind for that stuff or they what they wanna do. And what the does "sharing talents" mean exactly? Talent is something you have or don't. It's not something you share. Just because you don't see a ton of videos on youtube about Mike schooling younger players, you can't immediately assume that he held his shit back. None of us can know that.
Sharing talent to me is another way of giving back. Now, of course MJ did and does give back in his own way, but he did not go and basically develop a basketball infrastructure and understanding in a compeltely different country and culture just because he loved basketball. He just didn't do it. Again I've said this numerous times by now, its not an indictment, but more so a point of praise for kobe because he truly went above and beyond his duty as an athelete. He truly became a basketball ambassador and an international mind for the game. MJ is and will be a baksetball icon, there is no question, but when you ask yourself if he did things like that the answer is just no. For kobe to go and do things like call out and make goals for players like giannis and westbrook when he is retired, (aka like win mvp for giannis and the next season he did) constantly offering post clinics to any calibre player that would ask. taking is daughter, a growing basketball player, to meet her favorite athlete in the NBA and developing a relationship. I mean on his farewell tour, kobe went out of his way to make sure he did things like tell Wade to bring his kids because he knew before he announced his retirement that it was going to be his last game in Miami. After that game he talked to the kids, let them get to know him, and gave them advice and shoes, but most importantly he didnt let his status as a basketball icon stop him from connecting in a very human way. again no indictment on jordan, these are things that no one HAS to do, but the fact is kobe did them because it mattered to him and for that he has my respect. and for the record kobe wasn't holding giannas hand, that is some really disrepectful shit to say lol she worked extremely hard. she was just utilizing all the experience from her father as any child would, the fact her father was kobe doesn't really change that. If anything it highlights how much it meant to kobe to be a good father and to be there for his children and to take an active role in their growing up. hard to fault that.
Jesus dude you can appreciate what Kobe without having to shit on another great
That's hardly "shitting on him". He's right too, after his playing days Jordan was distant to the game apart from his training camp and brand Jordan.
You make it sound like he was a bad guy for doing that, when he was giving so much back to charities and building a hospital. He doesn't need to be hands on with players anymore. He inspired an entire generation, and inarguably a 2nd generation, to persevere through hard work in order to achieve your goals.
His point was that Kobe did more for player development and NBA development by sharing his wisdom with future generations with his documentaries. It's not a slight on Jordan, just an observation.
It was a slight. Just appreciate what Kobe did in his own way without bringing down someone else.
he's not bringing down anyone else. He's just telling you the facts
Including mj when he wasnt even brought up in the first place is in fact trying to bring him down
nah
You are far too sensitive to Jordan and his legacy on the game. Kobe did more for basketball as whole than Jordan, deal with it.
Kobe did more for basketball as whole than Jordan, deal with it. Jordan made the game global. When he was playing, I don't know any other player that had an overwhelming number of fans. He made children believe they can be "Like Mike", which inspired players like Kobe Bryant. Imagine if Jordan was a baseball player instead. Can you imagine Kobe Bryant's game being the same? Nike might've died without Jordan. Kobe might not even have his logo, or his sneakers. Kobe would even have the same mannerisms. Kobe wouldn't be the Kobe you know with out Jordan. I love Kobe, more than I ever thought I did after his accident, but Jordan changed the game and the perception of the game more than anyone else. He grew the game more than any other player.
Wow shows where your bias is. Im not arguing who did more for the game, just saying no need to shit on mike right now
After his retirement, as an part owner, he gave up his shares and went back in as player and mentored the Washington Wizards for $1 million which he donated.
This. Leave Mike out of it.
Michae Jordan did give back. https://fadeawayworld.net/2019/10/28/the-time-michael-jordan-brought-a-young-boy-to-the-bench/
I’m talking about gave to active players. Kobe, Hakeem, etc. have all to some extent helped out active players via training, advice or mentor ship. Does that seem like something MJ has been doing?
He's an owner, he's not allowed to
to be fair, hes an nba owner so that might be considered as tampering. Regardless if he owns the Horne.. yeah he was just an asshole. jk
Tbh I’ve always felt like Michael was a dick. It never felt like he embraced Kobe or LeBron as his successors
He did, he compliments kobe all the time
MJ told Kobe that he could wear the shoes but "never fill them."?
In game is different. Outside of it mj has complimented him a lot
Such as when?
Just go through mjs interviews when hes asked about Kobe
MJ loved Kobe like a little brother. He said it in the statement he released after his death. Kobe has been asked about him and MJ relationship and they talked often. Check the Ahmad Rashad interview with Kobe he talks about their relationship pretty in that interview and Ahmad Rashad is a very good friend of Michaels. The two presenters Kobe wanted for his Hall of Fame induction were MJ or Phil. I wouldn't be shocked if MJ isn't at his induction and has a few words.
Just do the research man. It’s not hard to find. It might not be what you’d associate with the typical kind of compliment, could come off as tongue in cheek. But you know, coming from MJ, it’s a compliment.
he definitely embraced kobe, kobe said it on multiple occasions how he was a mentor
Phil Jackson even had MJ come to the LA and talk with Kobe back in the day.
"Fuck them kids" - Michael Jordan
Username checks out.
Why should he?
yeah both Kobe and MJ are legends but for different reasons and that’s cool af
This bare-minimum lazy attitude is what’s wrong with this god damn country. I respect your freedom and will always fight for it, but we all have an obligation to contribute to future generations in everything we do. Don’t be a fucking bum dude please do what you can for those around you and reach back to lend a hand to the next person up
This is just wrong. Who the fuck do you think Kobe learned all his fucking moves from, got inspiration from?
Jordan didn't teach Kobe those moves. He watched tape on them and then practiced them until he could do them.
No-one could fill Kobe's shoes like that though. I can't even think of anyone more devoted to the game of basketball than he.
Is no one going to point out that OP paraphrased him using quotes?
I never missed a Laker game growing up because of Kobe. I was in middle school and seen how he worked his fade away, fuck, I used to practice it for hours after school. Watching Kobe play, even on his bad games, I felt my blood rushing and anticipating what fucking genius play he was about to do. I fucking cried bad when I found out. He was like a friend I never got to meet in person, but I had a connection with. This life can be fucking bull shit, and this is one of those times.
this is my main counter-point to everyone who says 'naming an award after kobe would be reacitonary and stupid'...he literally inspired a whole generation of players, and his story is amazing enough to inspire future generations as well. there might have been better players overall (maybe a small handful), but kobe has to be top 2 or 3 in terms of how many people he's impacted. and if you think the league is better off naming awards after former league administrators / accountants / lawyers then i dont know what to say...
GOAT of a generation
Debatable. Kobe was easily the best perimeter player. Tim Duncan is my personal pick as the best player of that generation. But I see your flair, so I totally accept that you rep Kobe. It's a good debate.
It went beyond basketball too. I tried to emulate his tenacity on the diamond and on the soccer pitch. Kobe was...Kobe.
Kobe die That bad. Many upvote.
Shame he didn't go sooner tbh
in recovery they say “we can only keep what we have by giving it away”
Damn thata great advice. Giannis bout to make me cry
Can you explain this for the less profound?
well in recovery as an example, helping other people recover after you did, reminds you of the struggle and difficulties you experienced. in addiction forgetting the bad parts, your brain kind of romanticizes the good parts, and that can draw you back into active addiction. i thought about this a bit after i typed it in this context. helping another with something like basketball can remind you of how much work it took to get to where you are, and that without work you may start to slip. another guy said it didnt make sense in the way that if i give you my dollar, i dont have it anymore. but if the rich let everyone around them starve, you get situations like in some countries where the rich need electric fences and armed guards to protect from the growing desperate armies of the poor. by hoarding money they destroy the country they live in. and in a way are less rich with nowhere to go to enjoy it.
Got it. Thank you
I love addict quotes. When they sound inspiring but realistically make no fucking sense.
It definitely makes sense
I’ll be honest I don’t get it. Kobe had talent and giving it away to the next generation didn’t really help him “keep what he had”. He already had it. I think you can have happiness in solitude; it can help to spread it to others but I don’t think it’s the only way to keep it. I’ll be honest I’m struggling to find an example that fits it.
I mean, they’re quotes meant for addiction recovery. Empathize from that perspective.
As someone without any experience with addiction recovery, this feels like some kind of riddle. What must be given away in order to keep it...Love?
Addiction is the biggest fucking riddle there is haha, sorry for the ambiguity. It opens you to alternative perspectives and the ability to define your own meaning, one example that comes to my mind is give away the addiction to keep the love
No it doesn't. If I wanted to keep my dollar, I wouldn't give it away.
Lol yeah, because the only things of value in this world are materials.
When did I say that?
lmao you're an idiot dude
Thanks bro
i come in peace. but my dude. youre probably trolling. but if not i guess let me just tell you the way i interpret the quote. "we can only keep what we have, is by giving it away." in relation to kobe. i think this just means. he passed his love and passion of the game was through h teaching, coaching, mentoring, and so on. hell he had a show called details to show us how he breaks down film. . though maybe he couldnt physically keep up with todays game, he did so by mentoring young players.
Giannis is already saying the right things that Kobe and Wade would say to the media. Greatness in the making imo
He’s been one of the most humble guys in the league since day one and I could never see that changing tbh
He's humble and insanely competitive on the court too. That's good shit
He just loves to play and is happy that the gets to. He's not in it for fame or Instagram hoes
Pretty sure his mom and little brother still live with him. How many players in the league do that? Family and basketball is all he needs.
Both Dame and CJ still live with their moms!
Now I'm picturing Dame sitting on the couch screaming MA WHERES THE MEATLOAF?
Mom knocking on his door and he's just chilling in his studio/closet like "C'mon, ma. I'm trying to record!"
God your team is so fucking wholesome honestly. Even Hassan Whiteside truly loves his fish.
And his ak47s
Delonte West leaves chat
on a motorcycle with a shotgun
JustAKidFromAthens #WashedFreak
there’s roughly 14 players on an NBA roster, it’s the most selective professional sport in NA. I’d say there’s not many (Not saying there aren’t any at all) players that are in it just for the “instagram hoes” but point taken.
He also has a good sense of humor and is willing to get extremely competitive and talk some shit. 99% of humble superstars act like they’re a priest.
Humble superstars are RARELY found. Europeans have done a historically good job though. Dirk, Tony, Drazen, Pau - even Luka. The type of dudes that walked the walk, before even attempting(if ever) talking the talk.
I would argue that every great athlete is confident and brash. They didnt get that good by being humble while playing their sport. Some players just keep it inside. Others express it outwardly in varying degrees. Being humble outside of the sport is the thing that shows your true character. There are plenty of players who are humble when they are away from their sport. It is not nearly as rare as you make it seem. Giannis is a killer on the court. He knows it and he will let you know during the game. As soon as the game is over, he seems to do and say all the right things. Dude is brash and humble. Nasty and nice. It is awesome. We are seriously lucky to have this player represent the Bucks and the city of Milwaukee.
I did mean surrounding basketball situations, you’re obviously right.
He’s one of my favorite players because he’s so humble. Oh, and he’s a fucking monster.
It really helps that he came from such an underprivileged background. I know a ton of NBA guys come out of poverty and broken homes, but being poor in Greece is a lot different than being poor in the US.
[deleted]
Critic in me says the MVP race this year is a lot closer than people think. If Lillard can drag his team into the playoffs and keeps killing it then he's a legit chance for MVP imo.
[deleted]
All I'm saying is value is more than just stats. Dragging a team on your back into an ultra competitive West playoffs spot is pretty damn valuable.
How about dragging your team to 70 wins?
idk how ppl can see the bucks’ stats without giannis and think he’s dragging them lol the bucks are stacked
Dragged or breezed? Who is stopping him?
after all the "bucks cant win without giannis" talk i dont know what to think...
In a weak east? Not as impressive. Not sure why I'm the bad guy for pointing out that Lillard is having a phenomenal year.
70 wins is less impressive than getting the 8 seed? Sorry, but that’s crazy. Doesn’t matter which conference it is, 70 wins is incredibly impressive and the 8 seed is “meh.” Lillard has been great and we should all recognize that greatness, but he has no chance at MVP when Giannis and the Bucks are playing like they are.
Lillard is great but he doesn’t really have to compete with anyone for points.
Portland is getting the 8 seed?? That is news to me.
Clearly it's because in this scenario Luka got hurt and the Grizzlies ended up the 7th with the Mavs missing the playoffs.
What? This whole thread is discussing Dame’s MVP chances if Portland makes the playoffs. That’s the point of the thread. I’d absolute pick the Grizzlies to take that spot, not the Blazers.
I don’t necessarily disagree with your overarching point but “70 wins is less impressive than getting the 8 seed?” is a ridiculous straw man. The Bucks are a great enough team top to bottom to win 65+ games with Giannis playing 25-30 minutes most nights, and they have dominated games even when he has been out. I shudder to imagine the score of any Blazer game where Lillard only plays 25-30 minutes.
We all have respect for Dame but reminder that last year Harden put up better stats and dragged his team to more wins and a better seed in a brutal West and still lost handily to Giannis, who is now having a better season than last year. At this point Giannis is lapping the field
There is no doubt that Giannis is a phenom, I only consider that players in the west are in a constant arm wrestle compared to the east. It's almost like John Stockton vs. Jordan. No one doubts Jordan is better but Stockton carried his team to the brink. Is teamwork and cohesion more valuable or is pure skill? Who decides value?
What how did Stockton carry his team to the brink. He was at best 1b on his team and Malone was clearly better in their Finals runs. Also there's stuff that adjusts for strength of schedule which also shows the Bucks are great, and while Giannis clearly has a better supporting cast it's not like Dame is in a wasteland. At least not enough to tilt him over Giannis' team getting potentially 25 more wins. Even if you ignore team cast Giannis is a far better two way player and his worse shooting is made up by how his slashing creates open 3s and how good he is in the paint
If you think Malone would have been half the player he was without Stockton then you are a fool.
I respect the shit out of Stockton but he is the most overrated player on this sub lol. It is baffling that you think Malone would be less than half the player when Malone was just as beneficial to pumping up Stockton's assists numbers as Stockton was to Malone's scoring. Not to mention Malone was a beast in the post and it doesn't exactly require an all timer to throw a good entry pass. Not as great, sure, less than half? Ridiculous overexaggeration. Watch the tape of the 96 WCF and see how Gary Payton absolutely obliterated Stockton and then look at the 98 Finals where he averaged 10/8. There is no other player in NBA history that would be a co-headliner for a Finals team with such a meager statline besides Stockton. Nobody calls them the Dirk/Terry Mavs yet Terry posted similar offensive output to Stockton at 18/3, was more efficient, hit several clutch shots, and actually was on the winning team. Malone was the guy who took that team to the 98 Finals and any idea that Stockton "dragged them to the brink" is not based in reality.
Strange Little fella. I like wearing the strap
Call me a homer but there's no fuckin way Lillard wins it over giannis
Yeaup. He'd have to do more than what he did during his hot streak for the rest of the season to make a case.
I agree with the first part of your statement, but I think it’s LeBron who’s closer to him. The media loves LA, they love the storyline of Bron winning it at 35 and now with the added Kobe storyline, there’s a lot of narrative that I could see them drawing upon, especially if the Lakers end up getting close to the Bucks for the best record, which I think will happen because the Bucks have a pretty rocky schedule near the end of the season and they also might load manage while the Lakers will be pushed to play hard until the end. I think what Dame is doing is awesome, but I don’t think a dude on the 6th-seed or worse really has a chance unless he is the first to average a triple double in 40 years or whatever.
unless he is the first to average a triple double in 40 years or whatever. Bruh, Russ has done that 3 straight seasons nvm ur 40 years
Thats why he put that, Russ only won his MVP because he averaged a triple double when it the idea seemed ludacris. Now averaging a triple double isnt all that special but at the time it was.
Its still very special, Russ is aan anomaly, and somehow still underrated. Dame is underrated too for what it's worth, but Portland's record is far too bad for mvp consideration.
He's "underrated" because all that triple doubling just lead to early round playoff exits every time.
Those teams were all poorly constructed. No spacing at all.
Yep. And the first time that he did it was the time he won MVP. I don’t really understand what you’re arguing here.
Immigrant mentality
Every first generation immigrant basketball fan I know sees this in him.
Immigrant mentality, but also just being raised well mentality. I've seen many non immigrants that are humble and giving haha
In the making? Dude's arguably the best player in the league
I mean as more than just a basketball player, Kobe was an icon
I would love if Giannis was the face if the league after Lebron's done. There's a kindness to him that's inviting and it would really help basketball overall as an international sport for a non-American to be the face of an American (no offense Raptors) league.
Definitely up there with Dame as the most beloved NBA player by the fans.
And getting in good with Los Angeles so he can come play for the lakers.
No.
Yes.
He's literally said he doesn't like all the media attention that happens in LA so I really doubt that bud. Just enjoy the dope team you have rn cuz it's gonna be the best team you'll get this decade.
The salt, sorry I made a joke about taking away the only good part of Milwaukee.
I live in Milwaukee and work in LA. I'll take our seasons, traffic, and friendly people over LA any day.
Imagine thinking California doesn’t have seasons or friendly people.
Dude, I'm in LA every couple of months. Seasons there are absolutely not like seasons in the Midwest. Whether someone prefers the milder LA weather or the bigger swings of the Midwest is personal preference, but I don't know that you can argue they're at all similar. As for the people, I didn't suggest there were no friendly people there. I love my coworkers and they're super gracious. But people in the Midwest are absolutely friendlier overall. I also forgot to mention that I don't need 4 roommates and a sugar daddy to afford a mortgage in a decent area. Another benefit Milwaukee has over LA.
Lmao you must be a sad individual irl I feel bad for you tbh
Hahahahaha personally insulting me now over a joke and you call me sad, stay salty flyover state.
I like how you are just projecting here buddy, you can't just call an insult a joke to invalidate it lmao
The joke about Giannis that caused you to turn into a crybaby and start personally insulting me.
Lmao I was looking forward to this!
Well said. Giannis is one of the guys who fully took in kobes teachings amd embodied them today. Kobe would def be proud of him snd I'm sure giannis will continue on that type of path. RIP mamba
What has made him so great is how he witnessed admired and learned. Kawhi Leonard also feels similar to me.
I don’t think it’s ever going to feel real that Kobe’s gone.
I read a comment the other day that said it feels like a glitch in the matrix. That's the best way to describe it. It's been a few weeks but it still doesn't feel real, like this shouldn't have happened. It sucks man
As cliche as it sounds, it’s because he’s not gone. He will be a part of the world for as long as we remember him and what he was all about. “There is no ‘without.’ I am not gone. I am scattered into a million pieces and sprinkled over your lives like new snow.”
Anddd I’m crying again
He gone
You are only truly gone when people forget about you and stop talking about you for good. Kobe will be around for a long time.
Beautifully said.
Fuck.
For me that feeling was stronger than the sadness or sense of loss. Just doesn't make sense. Like if it turns out he's living on the moon that would make more sense to me.
His English has improved dramatically over the years.
Dominate languages.
Fuck. It's been many days, and I'm still grieving. The things he embodied, are not just basketball things, his life was a fucking philosophy.
I feel the same. Kobe was one of the few to open up and share his life philosophy with the public. He literally made you feel that you too can accomplish what you want even if the odds are stack against you. He was/is still a great role model. It is still tough even though it's been sometime.
I bought his book (The Mamba Mentality) over a year ago, but I've read it more times in the last 20 days than I have the whole year. Highly recommend anyone to get it if you like his artistic style and wanna be inspired.
Bought it when it came out! Definitely a great read.
The part about the referees handbook was an especially amazing insight into the legend.
That was an amazing part for sure. My favourite bit is when he's talking about how he's defending AI in the Finals - counting out the seconds for how long it takes him to make his move and using that information to disrupt him as the series wears on.. Some things you just don't think about when playing until Kobe expresses it, just incredible.
One thing I love about his philosophy is that it can be applied to any goal. The Mamba Mentality can be used trying to kick ass in college, at work, side projects, training, and even your personal life. It’s even the small things like sleeping and meditating that he always talked about that can make a big impact in one’s life. He’ll never be considered just a ball player. He was a visionary.
I attribute many of my successes in life to the mamba mentality. Growing up in LA and watching every game, listening to Stu Lantz, and watching all pre&post games just made me idolize Kobe. I literally felt that anything was possible. I was homeless for a while, dropped out of high school to work full-time at 15 and support my family, but I wanted to graduate college still one day. I forced myself to get a GED, then community college, followed by uni, and I have my dream job working fully remote. I did the work, but I was so inspired by Kobe. We weren’t ready to lose him. He had so much more to teach. “The good die young” rest in piece, mamba.
I feel that bro. Think the best thing many of us can do to honor him is to apply his mentality to our own lives. That why his philosophy lives in many. Congrats on your success!
To be clear: he wasn't just a hero. He was not somebody you just admired. To me, at least, he was that person who you thought about when I was pulling overtimes, he was me working hard for my company that I barely know, he was me giving it my all when I thought I had nothing left to give, he was that, not a hero, but somebody I could be more of in my life.
He wasn’t just a hero, he was so much more than that.... he was someone you thought of when you were pulling overtimes.
He is a model to follow. Everyone can follow his footsteps in one manner or another and i feel like thats what we should all do
I’ve saved a few of his quotes bc I feel like I can use them in my life and sure enough I can. It still doesn’t feel real man
What do you mean by his life was a philosophy?
The work he embodied, one can only ponder what goes through his mind. When he is the first person to wake up, and the last person to fall asleep. You start thinking "but basketball is easy, life is harder.." but then you know deep down it's never easy, or hard, it's about what you give to it, how much you can. That thing that nags you, when he speaks, he wasn't talking about basketball, but life in general.
Not to diminish him, but couldn't you say that most successful athletes and people live by their own personality philosophy?
Not really, because the things he said, it resonates, not because of basketball, but of hardwork, one that I could use more of, in my life. His personality philosophy, should be everybody's.. and I think that's the fucking point. We could all use a bit of Kobe.
Kobe definitely walked the talk, but how is he different from say Shaq who I'd say enjoying success and personal relationships. Or Duncan who worked incredibly hard, while being considered a good friend and teammate while being very quiet spoken and humble. Its strange to suggest Kobe's philosophy was one, unique for even existing, 2, he was unique for following his own philosophy, 3, thinking it's the only way to achieve success, 4, thinking everyone should follow it.
Because he's very outspoken about it and if finds someone "worthy" (I know that's kinda corny, he was corny lol) he will mentor them. How many ppl you think go to Tim Duncan for advice. Maybe his circle, but Kobe would help out the kids of tomorrow. Hell, he even had the camp for girls to achieve more than any WNBA player has achieved before. Then there's his desire for more. He wanted an Oscar, he got it. He wanted to do business, he actively invested and increased his earnings. He wanted to be a great father and seemingly all accounts he was. It's the public side and willingness to make others great too that's Giannis is talking about. You think the young guns go to Shaq to learn how to be great? Or to Duncan?
Shaqs philosophy of not practicing or staying in shape because he was the most physically dominant player? Crazy it almost seems like you paint a picture of some folks being successful DESPITE their personal philosophy. Of all ‘professionals’ to pick you choose someone who’s work ethic literally stopped them from becoming the potential GOAT. Appreciate the laugh as you try and cut down the guys point about Kobe. If Shaq would have followed Kobe’s philosophy strictly related to basketball and learned to shoot from the strip good lord. Strange to suggest indeed lol.
If you limit success to only business then maybe you have a point, but as hard as it is to separate our love of someone for playing a game and the game itself, its important to some to understand that there is more. Hell, you could also argue that Kobe's killer, no friends mentally fractured the relationship and cost them titles.
I don’t think his no friends mentality can be blamed for fracturing the relationship they’ve been so open about what went wrong? The fracture of Shaq and Kobe is literally the same thing I posted above. Kobe gave Shaq tons of shit as their threepeat closed for not practicing/maintaining shape in the off-season. Leading up to the trade Shaq was legit saying his body got too banged up from hack a Shaq and he couldn’t practice? Not even free throws, the result of said hack a shaq. I just don’t care for this history revisionism that Kobe’s work ethic and drive is what ran Shaq out of LA. It was Shaqs complete lack of all of the above. He was the most physically dominant player and that was not going to change from 99-04 whether he practiced or dieted or not. He was satisfied with being as good as he was, simply put. You can attempt to change history all you want to fit your narrative that Kobe’s philosophy is nothing special and other people have been successful with their own way, but you picked possibly the worst example ever to hammer that point home. Notice I didn’t have a word to say about Duncan. Duncan is a great example of somebody who paved their own way, but he also had Pop playing the role of Kobe for the spurs, let’s not just leave that out. Kobe would have shot free throws underhanded if it would have propelled him to the next level. Kobe was not the problem you just whiffed really badly in this take man I’m sorry.
My Shaq example is to show someone not valuing NBA success as highly as others. He valued life, right or wrong, more. Kobe's philosophy was certainly not, not special. It is a great roadmap to great business and personal success and can work for many. You act like Shaq is a bum because he didn't win as much as he should/could have. Yes, Kobe disliked Shaq's appearance and it splintered the relationship. But also, Kobe could have accepted it and potentially won a few more. My argument is, Kobe was not unique in having or living a philosophy, and saying his is the best or the best for everyone is wrong.
Well its very different from someone like Shaq, nkt to take away from Shaq, but he wasn't that hard of a worker, where on the other hand, one could argue a less gifted kobe ( in comparison to Shaq) managed to get on his level with extreme hard work and dedication that most of people wouldn't be able to go through
For sure, but some could argue success isn't limited to NBA or business goals, but personal relationships as well. And to some, Shaq has a better work to life balance and that might be more important. Again, not trying to diminish Kobe, but others have and live their philosophy and others might like, need, and respect Shaq's more.
L
E
G
E
N
D
A
R
Y
Goodbye
Goodbye
legend man
legend, man.
leg end,man.
May you Rest In Peace legend.
Wait for it!
,
Goodbye
Goodbye.
Too soon for goodbye. He was legendary.
I was going for legend
He was a legend man? What?
It used to say “leg” and goodbye
But in the end it doesnt even matter
my girlfriend left me because i keep making linkin park references, but in the end, it doesn't even matter
Legendary man.
Just wait for it...
I
V
I
N
G
Goodbye.
M
A
M
B
A
Goodbye
Forgive me for being out of the loop, but why do people say goodbye on these things?
Basically on an Ouija board, once you are finished talking to the spirit, you say “goodbye”. On this sub, once you feel an answer is adequate, you say goodbye. Some people, such as the top comment on this post, just say good as a way to leave the blank space, blank.
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know!
So wholesome
???? ?? ???? ???? ????????
It’s how you find the end of the message
This was my nickname in junior high. Mamba Man. For a completely different reason.
Most of the stuff on here is people saying great things about him. Oddly wholesome for this community.
Was thinking the same thing.
I was trying to look for the letter R start, but can't find it so that's good don't ya'll agree? R
A
D
Goodbye
P
I
S
T
Too much hurt
Kobe is an icon he impacted so many people
Seeing a highlight of neymar flexing 24 with his hands after his goal today hit me how much Kobe was an influence. Of course American athletes are morning but literally every celebrity I follow has posted. Gal gadot, gronk, you tubers. Man it’s so sad
True. But his legacy was also a complicated one marred by high profile scandal. I’m surprised I haven’t seen anyone bringing that up either. Very surprising wholesomeness all around
People tried to bring up the rape on the r/Lakers thread but the mods deleted all of it, referring to them as “trolls.” I can’t stand how this part of his legacy is largely ignored and everyone’s absolutely devastated. He is a basketball legend, but he’s also raped someone. He shouldn’t treated with reverence.
He cheated, but he didn't rape. You can be a convicted rapist like Tupac but never commit rape. Its one disputed instance, not like there are women coming out the woodworks to accuse him.
Oh ok lol. So why did he admit it and pay her millions to avoid a civil trial ?
And the chick he raped. He raped a girl. What a gem
If you like this, check out r/wholesomeouija
Probably all the other stuff just gets downvoted.
You can even look at submission history if this post's OP. Seems to have a bit of an obsession. Not a wholesome one like the comments are turning too.
I don't think you're following the sub at all
While we can be pretty cynical at times, there's good in us somewhere.
Now that he died the rape didn't happen, I guess
But it never happened in the first place because she ReFuSeD tO tEsTiFy. It's fucking disgusting the love he's getting. Fuck Kobe. I do feel for GiGi though. She had a whole life ahead of her.
I'm reading through these like - you guys know he raped a 19 yr old right. It's horrible what happened, especially to his daughter, but I don't think "great man" is the best way to describe him.
Just like how everyone forgot Michael Jackson raped a bunch of kids after he died
You can rape people after you've died!?
Goodbye
G
R
E
A
T
Goodbye
F
F
F
F
F
r/wholesomeouija Edit: lol how the hell did I get 200 upvotes ?
/r/awardspeechedits
... Edit:Thanks for the gold kind stranger! Edit:23 UPVOTES!?!???!? OMG HOW!! Edit:34?!?!?!??
Imagine editing your comment for 200 upvotes
Seriously. He deserves a lot of respect and honor. RIP Kobe...
We’re just ignoring the whole “he raped a 19-year old woman” thing, I guess.
How does one get a silver for saying g
Goodbye
So this is how I find out he died. Wow
Is he dead?
Yes, and his 13 year old daughter. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/28569438/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash
god, can you imagine what his wife is going through right now? she lost her husband and daughter in a day. i can’t even begin to imagine that kind of pain.
I lost my mom a few months ago. She was a few years older than Kobe. It’s hands down the worst thing I have ever experienced, and my childhood wasn’t exactly great (not my moms fault in any way — she was the only good thing about it). I can’t even imagine going through that AND the loss of a child at the same time. Fuck.
I upvoted this because I feel your comments. Using an upvote feels wrong, though, it seems the opposite of what I’d like to relay. I’m so sorry for your loss, and the loss of Kobe and his daughter, and how it must bring back some hard feelings for you. My thoughts are with you.
I firmly believe no parents should ever have to experience the death of their own child. I’m just glad she’s not alone and still has her other children to mourn with her
And the kids, especially the older one. Losing a little sister and your dad, and having thousands of people who didn’t care about you yesterday give their condolences.
I don't watch basketball that much but I feel hurt on hearing upon the news.
Apparently her asthma acted up and she had to be hospitalized because she hyperventilated so bad
Worst part is she found out through TMZ. Fuck Harvey Levin for wanting clicks.
did she actually? was that announced?
Can you Imagine what the other families are going through right now that knew that their family members were flying with him and found out via TMZ that they were dead? It’s just straight awful for everyone involved.
And then on top of that she also has to now single parent three daughters who also just lost their big sister and dad. Talk about the weight of the world.
The other family aboard too. The mom, dad, and daughter died, leaving behind 2 kids. Those 2 kids lost everyone.
And they had a newborn baby, a fourth daughter born July 2019
Worse, she didn't find out through the police, she heard it through social media
Oof that's a huge hit to his family. May they, and them, find peace
did you just fucking say oof to someones death
I say oof to everything. I stub my toe, oof, I fall down the stairs, oof
i beat my wife, oof
I run over minorities in my '01 civic, oof.
I secretly create and release the corona virus and hide it by disguising myself as a redditor with basically no karma, oof
I was not disappointed by your profile picture
r/LegoYoda?
Oof
Someone literally made an AskOuija post to reap karma from Kobe's death, but this guys oof is what's concerning you?
Thank you. "Oof" was something people said as a legitimate reaction long before it was a meme that downgraded a situation. Get the fuck out of here with the judgy bullshit. It's one word in a well written paragraph. All other signs point to good sentiment.
Oof, man.
I said "oof" when I saw that MSNBC reporter said the n word talking about what team he played on. Because that was a big oof
And his daughters teammate, their parent and the pilot. Too fucking sad for me, I can’t stop thinking about how scary that must have been for them...i want to say at least the girls had a parent there, but fuuuck...it’s just too sad.
Is it bad I'm more sad about his daughter.
Not really...he already had accomplished more than most people would in 2 lifetimes. She wasn’t even in highschool yet.
God I didn’t know about the daughter that actually made me sad.
Dude...Everyone is mourning Kobe, which I can understand, but I only just now learned his daughter also died. That's even worse. :<
I found out from a freaking Weather Channel app notification.
Chance of Raining men. 100%
That's horrible
You know when you think of a response to something that you definitely shouldn't have thought of. Just had a major one here.
He died in a helicopter crash
F
Yikes
That goodbye hit deep tho
Really. That double meaning really helped what happened sink in in a weird way.
r/goodbyebait
Truly, he was a featherless biped
diogenes has entered the chat
"Yes, my child?" "Yeah, uh, w h a t t h e f u c k"
yeah officer this comment right here
That's kinda beautiful. RIP Kobe, and everyone involved in that crash. Just ain't right.
Nice save
You don't say
i guess kobe was the spirit that responded
I mean, he was a dragon man.
He sure was
I mean... he was a dragon man!
r/goodbyebait
R/expectedouija
A
W
E
S
O
M
E
Goodbye
r/wholesomeouija
F
A
M
I
L
Y
Goodbye.
GOOD MORNING USA
FUCK WRONG SHOW
I beat that game in 5 seconds
nice.
Guile theme
Not anymore
lucky there's a family Guy!
T
A
L
L
Goodbye
Ain't wrong
Goodbye
r/technicallythetruth
B
L
A
C
K
Goodbye
r/technicallythetruth
r/noteventechnically
r/thetruth
r/heisblack
r/truth
came here for this one
This is what I was looking for
r/NoShitOuija
W
O
N
D
E
R
F
U
L
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
B
A
T
Goodbye
Wow, we lost Kobe Bryant and Batman on the same day...
Wait. You don’t think...could it be??
F
U
N
K
Y
Goodbye
Lmao what
He was a funky man
Goodbye
G
O
O
D
Goodbye.
r/wholesomeouija
https://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Bryant-rape-case-ends-in-dismissal-Accuser-2728673.php
S
C
A
T
Goodbye
Skibby dibby doot doot dub dub dup
IM A SCAT MAN
Bee bad da bada bup
Boo budup bup
Okay, I read that as Perry the Platypus' theme
Confused. All other letters that doesn't say wholesome things were downvoted but not scat?
Time for some music education https://youtu.be/Hy8kmNEo1i8
Needed this laugh honestly
A
L
I
V
E
Goodbye.
wait a minute
They did say “was”
Bruh
r/technicallythetruth
r/beatmetoit
/r/jesuschristouija
B
A
L
D
Goodbye.
Goodbye
W
O
Goodbye
r/SuddenlyTrans ?
L
O
V
I
N
G
Goodbye
We better have a game thread
Damn that’s a great idea
Sure, I wanted to cry a lot today anyway
That’s everyday for me
in the words of kobe "you good fam?"
I am not good today, Kobe :(
I hope your day gets better ChappedAssholeLover
/r/Kindredditors
Don't know what a ditor is but we are all truly Kindred on this day.
THIS is how you reddit right here folks. Here's a little something I've been hanging onto.
Well, you know, uh, what they need, I guess?
Today sucked
"my friend, is ok, no?"
Hi there, just wanna say I hope you have a great day my dude.
Self deprecation funny
Hey, if there’s a kernel of truth in there, I hope you take care of yourself.
I’m gonna have to cry on Tuesday anyways for the Clippers and Lakers game.
They just postponed that game...seems right. Both teams are too close to the situation, even if kobe would have wanted them to play...
Yeah, that was the right choice, give them some time to grieve, especially the Lakers organization
I just don’t know how much more I can take. I don’t remember the last time I cried as much as I did yesterday. I am emotionally spent. And I can’t shake this sick feeling in my stomach. Kobe was everything to me, my childhood hero. I was in denial about the news when it broke out. I couldn’t believe it, I just couldn’t. Even today I went on the news just to see if it was all a hoax, if it was all just a dream. This is a nightmare.
I bet he scores like 60 points tonight.
Vegas in shambles.
Already know a comment is gonna be like: Second quarter 5:24 left and someone is gonna comment yo f the refs what they calling
"Kobe needs to stop chucking smh"
[deleted]
Something about his TS%
"Yeah he scored 60 but look at the amount of shots he took!"
Yeah 60 points on 50 shots is . . . not actually bad. He posted .543 TS and .500 EFG. Especially when you consider he was 16 for 29 from 2 and it was mostly chucking 3s when he was gassed!
Kobe would probably want it like that
CHALLENGE THAT...ohh
"whoah Kobe might do 50!"
less than a minute left and I think Kobe's final 3 pts. "Wtf ref thats a push off!!!"
[insert nephew argument that LeBron/Jordan is better than Kobe and vice-versa]
Looking forward to retrospectively criticizing the refs with you all
"Thats a foul.... HOW IS THAT NOT A FOUL.... AND HE T'D HIM UP. WHO IS THIS GUY? DONT LET HIM REF A GAME AGAIN"
MODSSSSSSSSSS! PLEASE LISTEN TO THIS MAN! I DON'T EVEN HAVE ESPN IN CANADA AND HAVE REWATCHED THE GAME PLENTY, BUT A THREAD WILL GET ME REUNITING WITH OTHERS ON HIS GREAT MEMORIES!
Where do you rewatch the games? I want to go back and re-watch a couple games
I downloaded it on my computer literally the day after. And to think before the game started, I actually wanted to watch the Warriors 73rd win instead in fear that my last memory of Kobe would be a bad one. It wasn't until pregame where tears kept me tuned to the channel and had to cover the top right of my screen to not see the Warriors score. A bunchhh of full length Kobe games on YouTube too
Literally just google nba game replays. Always amazes me people ask this. Same on the nfl sub
That would be amazing.
Kobe with 40!!!
Shit is gonna be emotional.
As soon as they call his name, I'm probably going to lose it...
As long as it’s as toxic as ever and we react play to play it’s a great idea
I look forward to the game thread more than the game. That would be absolutely fucking beautiful. This is a chance to do something truly special, Reddit.
YES!! Very much this!! Edit: I put In a request to the mods for an official pinned game thread.
Yes!!
Wow that would be fantastic
[removed]
Awesome bot
Lmao! Where did this come from?!
Idk but it has brightened this thread a little bit
I can’t believe I’m going to type this; but this bot is better than Bobby b.
I hope its up on nba4free or nbabite as well
Game thread has to be made by the mod
And a Post Game Thread
Fuck, this is gonna be hard to watch but I'll definitely tune in. Still so surreal.
Even more so because they have a ton of reaction shots from his wife and kids. They are front row and near the end when he's making every shot, they show them cheering. I recorded the game and I've seen it so many times I can remember every reaction. Those will be the shots that are hard to watch.
I just rewatched the full game last night actually. It’s really hard to watch the family shots knowing Gigi’s dead
Guys, I'm serious, I think I need a break from this sub for a few days. This whole thing is way too surreal and emotional for me. I'm so fucking sad, I think no celebrity death ever messed me up that much.
Take some time. Get right, fam. <3
Yeah for real. Stay of reddit. Fuck it. Stay home from work if you need it. There’s no point trying to soldier on if it’s just gonna make you wanna cry, let yourself have the time to cry. It’s important that people know this. Everyone who’s suffering, take your damn time. It’s a huge loss, but we’re all in this. We’ve got this.
PTSD from an event like this is a very real thing.
And for those who don’t cry, and do keep coming back to read more stories, reactions, and even participate in the threads because you process grief differently, don’t feel bad either. I’ve cried three times in the past two decades. My grandma passing when I was 10. My mother in law passing (though it was by myself nearly a year after), and my best friend passing. I’m not some emotionless robot or anything, I tear up at cheesy movies and other sad stuff or happy stuff (Kobe’s last game had me the closest), I just don’t cry. I would rather literally cram my head full of as much info, dwell on it, and then just think on stuff when I have a quiet moment. I feel like it makes life a lot easier, and while it doesn’t make any more sense, the random chaos is put into a perspective that I’m can abide by.
I'm with you on this one. There is no right way to process grief. I usually take a day then I go back to work. Others need much more time. Whatever works for the person man.
We're gonna be ok man, gotta remember the only reason this sucks so much is because of how lucky we have all been to have this guy in our lives in the first place. Not a religious guy but this too shall pass. He will live forever.
I'm not a religous guy either but if I'm wrong and there is an afterlife you just know Kobe is up there challenging all the greats that have passed too
its just so sad because most of the greats are still here with us.
Actually though. Not trying to be disrespectful, but North America-wise, is it pretty much just Pete and Wilt up there? No white-haired man should ever have to attend a black-haired man's funeral...
Moses Malone is up there. But yeah, not that many greats have left.
Thank goodness Kobe was bald ? Sorry if that wasn’t funny, tonight’s gonna be tough to watch for me. Can’t be crying in the afternoon too.
I chuckled
Basketball is a pretty new sport so yeah
Kobe giving mamba goals to god: “God, for the 20-21 season I challenge you not to fucking let WWIII start”
God: Eeesh that's a tall order, man... Have you seen what's been going on in the world??!?
Kobe and Pistol Pete running the most explosive offense Heaven has ever seen.
Man that would make a great painting, Kobe entering the great court in the sky calling next with Wilt, pistol Pete, Moses Malone and all the other greats who have passed already on the court...
Right. We should have that perspective always, even with our own lives. The only reason death feels tragic is because we got to be alive. We should remember that if the past changed slightly, this whole experience of our individual lives (bring able to see Kobe is part of that) wouldn't exist.
Just to throw out a little happy thought i can't wait to watch this with my son tonight.
How old is your son may I ask? My son is 11 and is just starting to get interested in the NBA. Im gonna hope he has the patience to sit down and watch this game with me tonight. And my daughter too-shes 10
I really appreciate you saying this. I love finding out I’m not the only one with this mentality. I am sad, but I’m only sad because I had a chance to truly love and marvel at this mans greatness for 2 decades and now it’s gone.
Oh I'm fucking miserable today but ya it's part of life. Told my sister the same thing when our dad died, be sad, but remember how lucky you are to have something to lose that's worth being that sad about. Our dad died from lung cancer at 55 which is way too young but lots of people don't even get that time or a father at all. I choose to be happy that we had that time at all rather than obsess about what was lost. All part of the process though and you definitely need to allow for some time to be sad and wallow in that sadness just keep in mind it was a blessing in the first place.
Take your time, I still get emotional about Eddie Guerrero from time to time.
When they brought the car out, and Batista was out there. Balled my eyes out
Sorry as a non WWE fan, what are you referring to?
He was a huge Mexican superstar in the WWE, comparable to Rey mysterio in popularity. His character was a little racist, but off the stage he was a great guy that everyone loved. I believe he died in a car accident (I was a little kid when this happened so I dont know all the details.)
No he died from a sudden heart attack at age 38. He had been living sober & clean the last few years, but the years of pain killers with alcohol and steroid use caught up with him.
Man you just made me look that up and now I’m hiding my tears from my kids .. Ugh Eddie was so loved
Philip Seymour Hoffman for me. Everyone has "their guys" and need time to process in whatever way is best for them.
Robin Williams for me. He died almost a year to the day after my dad. That one still resonates with me.
Oh man I really relate. He died just a month or two after my dad. It was so emotional because he was a big part of my 80's/90's childhood and so many of his movies were watched with my Dad. It was the only celebrity death that I remember just really hurt me, until yesterday. My Dad and I also watched many Laker games, he taught me how to play and would help me in shooting practice and so on. We watched Kobe's career, cheered him on together. It's already a hard month with my Dad's birthday and day he died back to back. This has got me really fucked up because of these feelings and associations. That and being a parent now, thinking of Gianna and of their surviving family. Damn. The man was a legend and was loved and admired by so many for so long.
Muhammad Ali for me. His death wasnt super surprising, but definitely end of an era. He accomplished so much, and used boxing as a platform for it. The Greatest of All Time!
I agree, it was Carrot top for me.
Ooft Eddie tribute videos still fuck me up. Also winning the title from brock lesnar I think that was one of the first PPVs I got and watched with my old man.
If you need to just cut off all Internet/social media for a while .. this society fucks with your head and we focus on shit that isn’t important . Sometimes you have to take a step back in a sober moment like this
Yeah we all deal with death differently I personally won’t watch it because i can’t look at him play knowing he is no longer with us.
I feel you. I needed a week off baseball after the José Fernández incident. This has been much more difficult to process.
Probably a good idea. Take a walk, focus on a different hobby, go out and go something active, etc. This is just an echo chamber for people to grieve, so make sure you focus on yourself during that process.
Yeah man, I feel you. I deleted my Instagram and Twitter yesterday because I just couldn't stop seeing it everywhere, it hurt.
Do what you need to do but it's okay to be sad and it's good to feel & experience sadness like this. Gives you a great experience to compare future emotions to ie really giving into emotion for a few days after my dog died made me confident I'd be able to handle this news and players' reactions etc alright, and I've been immensely enjoying seeing the impact he's had on so many
Me too mate, nothing else has felt so tragic
I'm with you. I took a break, went back to work, and proceeded to ball my eyes out for nine hours straight.
Take all the time you need. We'll all be here for you when you're ready.
I remember after that game he mentioned his kids being so impressed with his gameplay and he was telling them that he used to always ball out like that. I wonder if that game was influential to Gianna and the reason why she knew she wanted to be the next great Bryant.
Also the pre-game video they showed on the jumbotron...
Gigi clapping enthusiastically messed me up.
Gawd, fuck you, fam. I mean, I love you, bro. This fucking hurts, man.
Goddamn, that's the saddest part... Family lost a father/husband, and a daughter/sister on the same day without any warning or indication that their lives were going to change forever yesterday. Suddenly the happy memories are all they've got left. Life is so cruel.
Life is a meatgrinder.
Fuck! I don't know if I want them edited or left in. Fuck.
Because it's text this might come off as condescending or rude, so I'm prefacing with this statement saying it's not... Lol BUT What is it like to watch a specific game so many times? I get the appeal on some level since I rewatch TV and Movies, but sports seems a bit different. Like, I get watching highlights and clips on repeat, but an entire game? I guess maybe if you love basketball you just get a thrill out of a good game even if you've seen it before? That said, I will catch this one if I can just to have solidarity with you all.
It's like reliving a great memory. I was at the game, so seeing the crowd go crazy, I remember the happiness and feeling of that night. That whole game was also like a fairy tale. I still can't believe he made some of those shots he did at the end. You couldn't have written a better ending.
They need to air some prime Kobe games so newphews understand what it was like watching some dude skyfuck your team yeeting ridiculous turn around jump shots over triple teams
For real, prime fuck you Kobe was unlike anything I’ve ever seen ??
I always see terms like 'dagger' and 'backbreaker' thrown around here on highlight clips, but Kobe had 1-2 of those every game
Shit used to give me nightmares man.
And just for you, the 2003-2004 regular season finale where Kobe told everyone in Portland to go fuck themselves.
My favorite basketball moment of all time. The arc of that shot and the way it perfectly swished into the basket.
How about his dunk on Dwight Howard during Dwight’s rookie year? “He came down the lane and dunked it so hard... it was just like BOOM!” https://youtu.be/8p5M6KKx6GA
thank you, that was awesome to watch again
I was watching that game alone in my bedroom. After he made the first one to send it in to OT I was freaking out. So amped. After the game winner though, I leapt out of my chair screaming, knocking it over and jumping up and down. My mom came running into my room thinking there had been an earthquake. It’s like the most perfect shot and moment ever. Catch and shoot. Fade away three inches over the defender, with contact knocking up back. Perfect swish.
Yes please with Chick announcing so these nephews can learn what great announcing is. Kobe shutting the door of the refrigerator. Keep the butter hard and jello jiggling.
No 4th quarter lead was ever safe against Kobe.
They just need to air the 2008 and 2010 Finals on repeat. Kobe and Pierce going at it with the highest stakes is nothing short of what Kobe lived for.
I can't believe more people haven't brought this up. It's bittersweet to watch Kobe drop 60pts. in his farewell game, but the 2010 Finals, game 7 was THE crown jewel in Kobe's reign of terror. I will never forget the 2008 and 2010 series. The rivalry was vicious. The play was physical. And 2010 had the highest stakes possible — Not just for the title, but for Kobe's legacy. I love that ESPN is doing this — But that's remembering the Kobe that walked into retirement, and IMO, isn't the disgusting display of pure dominance that was the 2010 Finals.
Fuckin nephews in here trying to tell me just 5 days ago that Kobe was the least clutch postseason player of all time. LMAO get the fuck out of here clown
with a safety warning for raptors fans
I DVRd the game the night it happened just as I recorded Jordan's final game on VHS. The DVR recording was lost on an old DVR box but I still have my copy of Jordan's final game. I never imagined Kobe would go off the way he did that night. I'm definitely tuning in tonight to watch it all over again.
Record it.
It's on torrents too.
Nows your chance to get that game back :)
I won't be able to do it, but hope everyone else finds some joy in it. I remember watching this live, the electricity in the building for that final 3 and for the outlet pass was incredible. The reactions from his family, and from Snoop dancing of all fucking things, are still ingrained in my memory even though I've only seen it once.
Yeah man it's not the way I want to remember that game. I'll never forget waking my girlfriend up on the far end of the couch because I was cheering so hard as he started hitting in the 4th. I was literally yelling THIS IS HISTORY. To come back and hit 60 on that game and then to drop the mic with MAMBA OUT. The most Kobe way to go out ever.
Yeah tbh I'm gonna pass on it. Couldn't sleep at all last night and don't want to encourage a repeat.
I feel ya, I couldn’t fall asleep last night. I’m still all sorts of fucked up.
Same here. I am depressed at the moment. I barely slept and thought today will be different but there is still a hole knowing that Kobe passed aqay :(
I hate the fact that I can’t view any sports channels due to a recent change in cable package.
cough streams cough
How can we stream this? :/
Look for the Official Adam Silver fan page...
this CRACKED me up
A real SURGE of emotions
Man I love SPORTS. i really have the URGE to watch someone put the ball through the .NET
I forgot about streams. Thank you.
We can do it.
I cried when it happened so I don't wanna know what this time will stir up in me.
They should air his 81 point game as well
Can we get a game thread? I’m in for a group watch.
I can’t watch it. Those who can are bold but I can’t. I broke down when he retired...I already know I can’t handle this ?
Just watched the highlights of it last night with my housemates. Man, I forgot about his speech at the end. He was so comfortable talking to thousands of people, as if he is talking to a small group of friends. Amazing.
I remember watching it over GSW securing their 73rd win.
I remember being at a bar so we could watch both. And even though we were all Warriors fans, nobody was watching the Warrior game by the end. That game was unbelievable.
I live in SF and was also at a bar watching both. You are right, no one was paying attention to the Warriors.
I'll always remember exactly where I was when I watched Kobe's last game. It's crazy, I had forgotten it was the same night the Warriors accomplished that. Speaks volumes about the legacy of Kobe that the Warriors were accomplishing this unprecedented season but everyone tuned into a meaningless game for a non-playoff Lakers team just to be able to see vintage mamba one last time. And goddamn was it worth it.
Same, freshman year of college with one of my best friends in my dorm room. We’d just finished a few games of pick up when we got back in time to watch the Warriors and Kobe’s farewell at the same time. By halftime the warriors game was such an afterthought. People in our dorm heard us going nuts over every shot Kobe hit though. We ended up with probably 15-20 people crammed in this tiny dorm room to watch the last couple minutes of Kobe’s career. An incredible memory in my life that I owe to Kobe.
I pulled an all-nighter that day because my bachelor's thesis was due a couple days later (I'm in Europe so the game started at around 4 am). Needless to say I didn't manage to write much and ended up closing Word by the 3rd quarter. Didn't even get anything done the next day because I was watching highlights and reading the reddit threads over and over.
I remember telling people “Kobe’s gonna go off and drop like 40 or something!” Lol It’s like that Shaq quote. “I told him to get 50 and the motherfucker dropped 60” I don’t know if I can bring myself to watch this game tonight.
I'm watching it. I couldn't go to the game because I was studying in law school at the time, and I took my first year really seriously. My friends went. I watched the game from the library. Now, I'm just going to sit at home and watch the game how it should be enjoyed. No finals. No studying. No stress. In my bed with my wife. I can't wait.
Kobe would be proud you put that work in for Law School rather than watch him
I know he would have. But to have seen him play one last time would have been amazing, especially when he went full beastmode in the 4th.
Danny Leroux recalled being in the press box for the Warriors' 73 win game. Hearing him talk about it is surreal, in the 2nd half the entire press box was watching Kobe. Hell, people all over the stadium, paying for Warrior tickets no less, were on their phones trying to watch Kobe pop off for the last time. He never matched MJ for GOAT, but when it comes to captivating people's attention he is second to none.
Dude I was doing the same, bar with all of us warrior fans but Kobe’s last game was too good. There were a few Kobe jerseys in the bar and we were all cheering with them
"where were you when the Warriors broke the single season win record?" "I was watching Kobe drop 60" That was from the post-game thread on here but that always stuck with me about how crazy that night was
I mean i feel like that's what 90% of the world was doing as well.
I would support moving the Warriors to Gary, Indiana if that brings back Kobe and his daughter tbh.
I would support A lot of things as well. Like can we trade some shit humans for them?
Fuck it, I'm volunteering. Trust me, it's a good trade.
dont talk yourself down. youre still here, make the most out of it.
Kobe wouldn't want that. He'd tell you to keep grinding, to be a better person today than you ever were before. Man, when you become successful you'll be honouring Kobe in the best possible way. We all have to carry on his spirit. Let's get to work.
I swear I went into my lame job today and put in more effort on this Monday than I ever have in my time here, for Kobe
No job is lame as long as we do it with the utmost effort and diligence. If you can manage to keep this up and live life to the fullest, I just know Kobe and Gigi will be smiling down on us.
Goddd.. I don't dig deep in the comments for these feelings bro..
You are a good person and deserve to be here OP. It’s never too late to get better.
Honestly same tbh
[deleted]
I remember specifically doing the opposite, I even proclaimed to friends that I would rather witness "NBA history" being made in the new regular season record than a "glorified chucker's last hurrah". Yesterday had me mentally in fits - it's January 27, and he's still gone...
When 60 > 73.
What does that mean, Kobe Bryant?
More...
Shit, can't think about this without getting sad now
Sometimes it do be like Bron said, Two points is not two points. I'll explain it to you later.
Same. All my roommates laughed at me for wanting to watch Kobe’s last game over it. I’m so happy I made the right choice.
That GSW game was over by midway thru the 2nd. It was an easy choice.
I was watching the warriors and changed it to Kobe’s and saw he like 30 and didn’t switch back
I watched both at a bar side by side but everyone was fixated on kobe getting to 60.
I lived in Oakland at the time (still do.) I had the dubs on mute on my laptop and Kobe on the projector. I was standing up hollering towards the end. As an aside, my roommate at the time was from LA. He walked in part way through the game and said "watching the game? cool" and then went into his room on his computer. After the game he posted on a photo of Kobe on instagram with the caption "to the greatest, gonna miss watching you play!" or something like that and I was just like "bruh you didn't even watch"
I remember the making time to watch Kobe’s last game and my whole family going crazy he was going off
Yep. Golden State was playing my team and I didn’t watch a second of it, it was all Kobe. I was never even a huge fan of his but I watched every shot that night, begging for it to go in.
I had tickets and went to the Bulls game that night and I remember being so pissed that I was missing Kobes final game
I have had a 5.17 GB 720p file of Kobe's final game sitting on my hard drive for nearly four years, still there today (last modified 4/14/2016). The only NBA game I've ever kept aside from 2016 Finals Game 7 to watch the Warriors lose. Only Kobe could make another team breaking the all-time regular season win record completely irrelevant. Also coincidentally this was the last NBA regular season game that was worth watching. Thank you Kobe
Is that something you could share? How do you get the games in the first place?
I was a salty warriors fan when it happened. I wish I appreciated it more in the moment ugh.
i was at the 73 win game in Oakland and all i did in the second half was look at my phone to keep up with the kobe game. dude is and always will be a fucking legend.
Same here. I took up a TV in my college dorm commons room just to watch it. I wanted to see it over the GSW game no question and I was and am still glad I did so
As did I.
That night, ESPN had both Kobe’s last game and the Warriors going for #73 at the same time. They frequently gave game-breaks of one when something significant from the other was happening. But I initially got ticked when they sent their A broadcast team of Breen/Van Gundy/Jackson to the Warriors game, while they sent the B team to Los Angeles.
Same. It was a fun last night of regular season for sure.
That night was so magical. Such an incredible performance and the perfect way to cap off a legendary career
Magical night indeed. I remember Kobe starting the game off 0-5 and everyone started memeing about "Lul washed-up kobe gonna go for most missed field goals record" He proved that even when "washed-up", his Mamba Mentality was still very much there.
you described that beautifully. thanks you ??
I mean, I get where you're coming from, but he did miss the second most field goals ever in that game. Second only to his own record set years earlier.
You’re saying this like we didn’t all want to watch Kobe, Kobe it all up one more time. I think I enjoyed every miss as much as I enjoyed every make. I grew up hating Kobe, and loving him at the end, so this game was truly the best of both worlds for me.
Kobe’s shooting was a beautiful influence for my friends and me. Growing up playing with buds in the driveway, you’re feeling it even though you’re covered, you fade and yell “Kobe!” and launch like you’re the only one on the court. Make or (mostly) miss, didn’t matter cause it was a Kobe. Yelling Melo also worked. Just having fun playing ball like a kid man.
One of my buddies had a Spanish exchange student staying with him and he’d always yell Ricky once he caught on to our Kobe’s
I remember in the 15-16 season a lot of people were trying to say "curry" everytime they launched...but it just isn't the same. Kobe is a beautiful sounding word out the mouth.
I don’t follow the NBA a lot anymore but I felt so sad all of yesterday and today. A global icon passed way before his time along with his daughter and friends. I like to look for silver linings, and to see the whole world mourn this legend is something else. His drive to be the best and win inspired millions, and his attitude will live on in many for years to come. What a sad time for everyone.
Yeah man. In college my friend and I would always go out and shoot at the local courts. I would ALWAYS try to pull some step back fadeaway midrange bullshit and yell "Kobe!!". Shit, I still do it every time I throw something from slightly too far to reliably make it. You have to believe in yourself to be Kobe.
Which, given the team’s place in the standings, is exactly how he should have gone out. It’s what everyone in the building wanted. He also still shot 44% from the floor.
Bro he missed that first handful of shots and I said fuck it guess I'm going to bed (east coaster) and I've always put that in my top five regrets of this life. Guess I get to make up for it tonight but in the absolute shittiest way possible.
I remember being worried about a bad game to send him off, too. But it's Kobe, and of course his teammates who loved him. I forgot who, but that last position maybe it was Randle who set a hard screen that almost murdered the other player, to get Kobe that last shot. Ref could've care less, lol.
We all were Lakers fans that day
That was a hell of a night. The Warriors were going for their 73rd win but I didn't even watch a second of that game, just wanted to capture all of Kobe's final game. Last 3 minutes where he just took over were insane.
You a real bball fan lol. All it means.
None of my warriors fan friends watched their own game. That’s how you know shit was real
I was visiting LA for work that week. I was right in front of Staples with the intention of going to the game. I was trying to buy a ticket but the guy said it was $1K. I passed on it and just went back to my hotel room. By the time I was back, the game was over. Looking back, I don't regret keeping my money (money is tight nowadays) but I'm glad his last game was a good one. I'm excited to have the opportunity to watch it on air.
This made me smile.
Thank god the Warriors basically won by the 3rd quarter otherwise I probably would have watched that game. Seeing Kobe go full Mamba in the 4th will be something I remember forever.
PSA: Kobe’s 81 point game in its entirety is on YouTube
This is the highest quality of the entire 81 point game I could find. https://youtu.be/zcVPLnR-c3g
I'm always shocked when mid 2000s sports recordings look like they're from 1989
The NBA still only uploads videos in 720p
And ESPN still broadcasts in 720p and not 1080p
No (American) sports broadcasts are in 1080p. I don't think any channel at all is in 1080p. The best you can get is 1080i. But sports don't look smooth in "i", which interlaces half-frames, so motion can appear jagged. So to compensate sports are in "p", progressive scan, which keeps each frame intact and allows fast motion to be clearer. The best they can do with over-the-air broadcasting in "p" is 720.
I believe TNT and NBA TV broadcast games in 1080p60. I at least have the option to select it on YouTube TV but not for ESPN.
Well various streams do broadcast nba 1080p60 so i believe this is true.
Disclaimer: I have no idea if this is true. But I think I once read it has something to do with them recording it in a different way than what’s used now, then when it gets converted to a more modern, digital media, the quality gets messed up? Somebody who knows more about this please feel free to chime in because this has always fascinated me as well.
Yep. Live broadcasts used to get recorded entirely on Betamax tapes and high definition TVs didn’t become widespread until the late 2000s when prices dropped off a cliff. That’s when everything changed
Yeah. Plus buying a several dozen new cameras for each broadcast, when you might have to cover a dozen games in a single night, at their highest cost ("hey, we just invented HD. Each camera costs $125,000. How many you need?") adds up super fast.
IIRC the sports networks are always late to the HD game. See: F1
ESPN still broadcasts in 720p and not 1080p yet
See: the Superbowl still not being in 4k
Really? I could have sworn I’ve scrolled past ads on my DirecTV guide for “the big game in 4K”
MLB uploads game footage in 1080p, 60 fps. Just saying
I know right! 1989 was like 20 years ago, and the mid 2000s was only like 3-4 years ago
Why were the announcers making such a big deal about getting him subbed out at the end? Why not let him finish it out and bask in the glory?
lowkey, I want the ads and everything. It’ll feel like i’m watching it live all over again
I'd take Bagrani Primo Pasta commercials as a concession too
It's times like these when I'm reminded to put on a Primo face
“It’s going down, im yelling timmmmber”
"Quick and nutritious, simply delicious, everyone knows it's PRIMO! " Those streams were the shit. Good times.
It does have the ads lol
Man watching it rn, this video is legit a time capsule lol
Disney agrees.
I need them to replay it so we can get a more HD version of it.
So is his final game
They just played a rerun on NBAtv too. I know I can watch it whenever but it was really special to relive it for a moment on cable.
https://youtu.be/gTBs1rqLtSk Anytime I hear 81 points!
This was always such an interesting game from the Jazz perspective. Houston just beat Sacramento right before this game meaning the Jazz were eliminated from the playoffs. I remember watching this game excited to see Kobe’s last game and then it didn’t mean much if the jazz won or loss. My favorite part was when Kobe was shooting the free throws, Hayward stepped on the line to make sure if he missed there would be a lane violation.
Yep, no regrets about cheering against the Jazz once in my life, it was a magical experience to witness live even before the tragedy. I'm so glad I learned from MJ to appreciate greatness even at the expense of my own team, it allowed me to love and respect Kobe no matter how badly he spanked us. I even kind of appreciate the Rockets for knocking us out so I could watch without any conflicting emotions, just witnessing greatness one last time.
Appreciating the Rockets....never thought I would hear a Jazz fan day that
Yeah that felt dirty to type out. Hopefully I can atone for it tonight while we stomp them.
Hes the man for that.
Yep, and IIRC, Hayward exaggerated his foot plant to make sure the ref saw it.
Can you explain what a lane violation would do?
Kobe would get to take the shot again (assuming he missed) and reach 60 points
The Man was literally congratulating LeBron less then 24 hours ago on his milestone, now this. Kobe was supposed to be untouchable...
That's exactly how I thought of it. Like someone that successful, rich, and cool just couldn't be affected by a freak accident
[deleted]
There was a post in r/soccer after the Leicester FC owner died in his helicopter about how per hour or mile traveled, major commercial aviation is considerably safer than car travel. However, per hour traveled, private helicopter travel results in 85 times more fatalities than car travel. Per mile traveled, private helicopter travel results in 27 times more fatalities than car travel.
Yeah. This is why I take an elevator everywhere. Safest vehicle in human history per mile traveled baby!
What about commercial vs private helicopter? Commercial aviation will basically be heavily biased towards large passenger jets.
Oddly, they're pretty safe with how they look. Even if there's a total engine failure, with enough altitude the pilots can use something called autorotation to generate enough lift at the last second to hopefully land gently. If the initial reports of a fire are true, I would guess smoke might have overtaken everyone before they could get safely to the ground, or the distraction caused them to crash. It's definitely terrible whatever the cause.
Helicopters, private jets (Aaliyah), and small planes (for skydiving) freak me out. But yeah, it does take luck to survive a long time because humans are always in cars, planes, trains, etc.
Unfortunately, Murphy’s law does not discriminate. It can and will happen to anyone, rich or poor.
Kobe was famous for flying every, even unnecessarily short distances. This basketball academy was like 15 miles from his home. If he had only driven
15 miles? damnnn
In LA that could be 90 minutes
Lol I remember taking my uncle who's lived in LA for 20 years to a brewery like 30 miles from me.. I was like "sorry it's a bit of a drive, it'll take like 45 mins" and he replied "in LA it takes 45 mins to get to the gas station"
Still better than death
Okay that makes more sense thank you
I work 19 miles from my house. It takes me an hour to get home every weeknight. 90 minutes on Fridays. California traffic sucks.
For real
Accidents happen. People die in cars everyday. Could’ve been one of the reasons why he decided to fly, could’ve felt there were variables he wasn’t in control of that could’ve resulted in death
Academy was in Thousand Oaks and he lived in Newport Beach. Definitely now 15 Miles from his home.
90 miles but whatever.
Statisticaly it was safer.
Flying by plane is safer than driving, flying by helicopter is more dangerous than driving (statistically), but there’s a lot of variables of course.
When i found out about the jesus bolt i was like fuuuuck riding a helicopter
There are several variables you're not accounting for like his frequency of flying, weather, helicopter maintenance, etc. Statistically flying may be safer than driving but that doesn't automatically apply to individual scenarios. Also: https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/eubs92/rest_in_paradise_kobe_bryant/ffotub3/
If you lived in LA you'd know it's been crazy foggy lately....idk why but every day heavy fog
You don't cross the path of hundreds of other people. And every pilot is way more qualified to maneuver their vehicule than your average driver.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/eubs92/rest_in_paradise_kobe_bryant/ffotub3/ The numbers don't lie
Vehicule
He could have had a car accident though. It was a disgrace
It's ultra weird for me bc last year about 6 ppl I have some vague relation to died, and then nothing happened for like six months and now someone else who I just never considered could die anytime soon just goes poof
I'm not even a basketball fan, but I remember hearing about him just the other day. It's insane how fast life can change like that.
My sentiments exactly. He was too young. Beautiful family. In terrific physical shape. How can Magic continue to outlive everyone. I don’t think anyone ever thought Kobe would pass.
I mean you didn't really have to bring Magic up at all
Right? Lmao
Yeah, wtf was that shit?
I think he mentioned Magic specifically because he‘s had HIV for years and despite that, he’s still alive.
its still completely unnecessary
Everyone thinks magic deserves to have died a long time ago while Kobe doesn’t. But the Angel of death doesn’t play favorites.
ayo why does magic deserve to die? Am I OOTL on something?
HIV and all. People aren’t really sympathetic to others
40 years later and people still act like HIV+ people are subhuman and deserve to die. The serophobia is real.
People want a world where you died for your actions. Even if the action doesn’t really deserve it. They want that person to deserve it. So that they who didn’t make that particular mistake arent faced with the harsh cold truth that good people die young all the time.
Maybe not so much deserve to die, more just they expected him to be dead because of the hiv thing, and this is a freak accident with Kobe, no one expected him to go so soon
Lots of people have had HIV for years. He’s not an exception.
The difference is that when Magic announced his status, we were still in the early years where a diagnosis = death sentence. ETA: for reference. Magic made his announcement 11-7-91. Freddy Mercury died of AIDS 11-24-91. 14 days later. Freddy was very private about his fate and secluded himself in his final days. HIV AIDS had a huge stigma against it then. It was a “gay disease”. Some morons thought it was a plague God sent to punish gays for their sins. So when an obviously heterosexual man - a husband, a father, one of the greatest ball players who ever lived announced he had what was considered a lethal disease, we were shocked. And believed he’d be dead within a year. Mercury had money, but it couldn’t save his life. Magic had money and was lucky enough to be able to try the emerging suppressive drug cocktails. ETA 2: to better understand the cultural reaction to the emerging AIDS epidemic, I highly recommend “How to Survive a Plague.” It shows how the conservative politicians kept possibly life-saving treatments from dying Americans.
I don’t think anyone ever thought Kobe would pass. Many of his teammates included. Sorry. Low-hanging fruit. RIP Kobe.
This was well thought honestly. Can’t be mad.
Its what he wouldve wanted
Don't apologize, I finally laughed through my tears
laughed through my tears There is no greater feeling than that.
Why do clowns bring up unrelated shit during times of mourning? Is it like a genetic thing?
Dude in one of the bigger, broader subs like ‘news’ or ‘sports’ or whatever people started going into like “well he was one of the greatest, but where on the list is up for debate” and people respond like “top-7, tops” and shit; like, dude not at all relevant right now. Some people’s brains must just be wired differently lol
you can be sorry the man is dead and have an adult conversation about his achievements at the same time
When you rate NBA players, it never ends up as an adult discussion, believe me on this. People will always end up going by raw stats since everyone likes some player more than another and we didn't see enough about legends from the past. RIP Kobe, never been more sad for an athlete before
Idk. I feel your sentiment, truly, but also maybe taking a day or two off from the exact same asinine conversation about a subjective, imaginary ranking that people have every single other day is okay? Like, the endless dumb argument of opinions will definitely still be there tomorrow.
But the reason we miss kobe right now is exactly because of those imaginary rankings in peoples minds. When sam bowie passes, all folks will discuss is how he was taken over the greatest ever. Its a natural process as some folks grieve differetly. Folks should not try to define grieving processes ad allow others to grieve how they do.
They're generally going to be like 9-19 years old, it doesn't really resonate with them and they're what they're going to be. People over like 30 are going through it right now. Fuck 2020
Doin the “Kobe” shots ain’t never gonna feel the same. Heart goes out to his family and everyone affected.
now we do it out of respect
s/o Dave Chappelle for helping immortalize da God
I don't even know how to respond this shit so outta left field R.I.P to one of the G.O.A.T's Edit: Also one of his daughters was on the helicopter apparently according to TMZ
She was 13... God, that's so young.
Can't get over that. Kobe seemed like such a great dad, you imagine concern for her was front an center in his mind in his last moments. So so tragic
What's the s
Meant to be an apostrophe fixed it.
[removed]
Do you really think this is the time or the thread to be pedantic about apostrophes?
Well it's important to be accurate. After all, Kobe for accuracy.
Imma need God to reload the save. 2020 is on some other shit
It just got so much worse. They're now reporting his 13 year old daughter was on board. They were on their way to Kobe's basketball academy in Thousand Oaks for a practice. edit: even worse, there was also a kid from the team on board with their parent. so 2 children died in the crash. edit: now 9 people were on board. edit: it gets worse. Three of the passengers were a mom, dad and their 13 year old daughter. Their other daughter was not on board, but that means she lost her whole family today.
That GIf of him and his daughter gonna hit different 13 years old ,too young .. Edit: gif in question .. https://media.giphy.com/media/JQvUME2YOpTgqCKhDb/giphy.gif
I can't even imagine the hell his wife and other daughters are going through right now.
One of his daughters is 7months old ?????
Honestly that daughter is both then luckiest and simultaneously the unluckiest (outside of Gigi). Won’t know the pain of losing him, but never will have gotten to know him either...
Exactly, it's so sad , all if it, I can't even imagine the pain his wife vanessa is feeling right now ???
I agree with you but from another perspective it's even worse. A man you will never know will always be around you in vivid detail and you can't touch him. Constant tributes every time the Lakers go to the playoffs. Everyone you meet will have a story about your dad that you will have to listen too. Most people get a few family movies and various stories from others, but the memory starts to fade. Your Dad can become who ever you need him to be in order to live your life. Kobe will always be Kobe to her and she will always be confronted with what if? Why didn't I know him? Doesn't invalidate your thought, but just another perspective that hit me.
yeah man, no right answer. only the family left behind can know the feeling for everyone on that trip. It's crazy to me. I've never had a celebrity death hit like this. I'm turning 40 soon and Kobe and those Laker teams are basically why I'm a fan of this sport. Right from Kobe to LeBron, those are the two constants in the league since I started following. Dude's been peripherally in my life for twice as long as my wife...
It's shitty but at the very least she has a wealth of recorded moments.
And his actual wealth. Dudes left a good life and legacy behind for his family, which is more than can be said for many others.
Well, yeah. That goes without saying. They're still people, though.
...which also goes without saying.
You’d think
?
Exactly. At least the family doesn't have to move and further disrupt things for the kids just because they can't afford the lifestyle without Kobe.
Unfortunately no amount of money will bring them back :(
And no actual memory of the family she'll never have. At least I think that's a positive. Tough hand to be dealt all the same.
This is going to be one of the shittiest things I ever type. I am glad she is too young to know what is going on.
That isn’t shitty. That’s honestly the best situation she could be in when it comes to her own father dying. Better to have no actual memory of him than to know him and have him ripped away from you forever.
That’s a slippery slope though. You learn what a great man he was through all the recorded media on hand, but never had a chance to say hello.
That's not what a slippery slope is, but I agree with you. It must be incredibly sad, although at least his daughter can be proud of the man her dad was
Double-edged sword?
Think about it though. Think about a child from a normal family that loses their father before they have a chance to remember meeting him. Their only way to know that person is through photos, maybe some home videos, and the testaments if people that knew him when he was alive. His daughter will have a better idea of her father then most that lose theirs do. Hundreds of hours of interviews, and a huge community of his peers that will guide and support her as she grows up. This is an absolutely horrible tragedy, but she's luckier than most in her position. She'll have a hundred father figures as she grows into a woman.
Slippery slope into what?
and just... wealth...
Off topic but apple really needs to switch up this emoji. It looks like you’re laughing
I have an android but I didnt realise it looked like that, it definitely doesnt on my phone , yikes :(
Vanessa has struggled with postpartum depression as well, I’ve read. It’s just a really sad situation and the pain she must be dealing with...I would not wish it on the worst of the worst.
They have a 7 month old newborn. She will never know her dad.
She will. Everyone will tell her how he was a hero to many and she will grow up seeing videos of him and hear from all of the lives he touched. Obviously not the same, but she'll at least know and see that her dad was a beloved man and role model.
I worry about her tho. Seeing how great he was but always wondering if she could live up to something like that. Him not being there to physically say shit like "im proud of you" is godtier sad to me
!RemindMe in 18 years
I have a daughter. This whole thing from start to end is just hitting me from all the angles. There is no "worse" thinking about among his kids, it's all just a gut punch.
This is the comment that really fucked me up
I never met my grandpa and I’ve seen maybe 3 photos of him. The newborn will have endless hours of footage to watch of her dad doing interviews, playing games, doing endorsements, etc. So she’ll get to know him in ways none of us would ever get to do.
I’m trying not to imagine her sheer screaming in pain, not once but twice. She won’t be the same ever, and will take a long time to find her strength. Vanessa, day by day
It’s going to take some help from therapists. This is some traumatic stuff. Depending on the state of the body, you wouldn’t even be able to have an open casket funeral.
I lost a parent and a sibling at a young age. Hell doesn't even begin to describe it - you're entire world is broken in an instant, your innocence is gone, and you have to go through childhood knowing it will never, ever change. My heart breaks so much for the family.
Echoes of the helicopter accident that killed Colin Mcrae, his kid, and his friend's kid. RIP
He was only 41, it's an all round tragedy. Life sucks
which gif?
https://media.giphy.com/media/JQvUME2YOpTgqCKhDb/giphy.gif
Imma be over here crying...
Ah fuck man, just, hell... :'(
Not sure why I watched that. Gonna hug my girl extra tight tonight.
Well fuck I kinda wish I didn’t watch that wholesomeness
Damn. Tears in my eyes :'(
Fuck me. I gotta go hide in the bathroom again
This really is such a fucking tragedy
Haha man it looks like he's explaining some shit, she finishes his sentence and he goes 'that's right!' Haha why does this hurt so much man
good god that girl has the mean mamba mug. https://media.giphy.com/media/JQvUME2YOpTgqCKhDb/giphy.gif
It might get much worse. They just announced there were actually 9 on board. 8 plus the pilot.
Oh hell... that’s another gut punch.
the first thing I said when it was reported was "thank god his wife wasn't on board so his kids still have a parent." I didn't think of this shitty possibility.
Nine people reported, not five.
9 people...it just keeps coming
Just saw the crash press conference, the sheriff said there were 9 people on board.
It keeps getting worse...I’m not a religious guy or basketball fan, but I feel like praying right now.
9 people on board wtf so tragic
Oh god, that's terrible.
Can you imagine knowing your family was also flying with him and finding out this way? So sad for them all!!
Where have you seen that 9 people were on board? I thought his was configured for 5 or 6 passengers.
that's what all the news stations are reporting now. It's weird to me that they would originally have the number of passengers wrong for so long. It also took awhile for it to come out that his daughter was on board. NBA officials confirmed that Bryant and his daughter were on the aircraft, and Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva said there were nine people on board — a pilot and eight passengers. He would not confirm who had died until all the next-of-kin are notified, he said. https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas
Geez... This keeps getting worse. I'm sure it's taken a little bit because they have to let family members know if possible. And really, it's only been a few hours since it happened. This is horrible.
My god, 1st people said 5 people, now its 9.
The other girl was the kid of the Mets minor league manager, I believe. He was on the plane as well, his wife as well I'm assuming. Truly is heart breaking. He was the guy who mentored all of the Mets current all-stars. This crash really hurt a lot of people, fans being the least of it.
[removed]
Source? I haven't heard anything about Natalia being a passenger. Everything I've seen says Kobe, Gigi, Gigi's teammate, the parent and a pilot
I've only seen Gianna, Kobe, another unnamed parent and their unnamed child, and the pilot. Please don't report stuff like this unless you know its true. Edit: Chief at a press conference has just said that 9 people were on board.
the parent was john altobelli, they just held a gathering for him at the college he coached for.
I was watching CBS News and a reporter phoned in and said his oldest daughter and 13 year old daughter along with a friend and a coach were some of the people on board. I haven't been able to find it in print anywhere, but that's what was said. I hope I'm wrong.
It was just one daughter I think, but a lot seems to be coming out.
Where was this reported?
Source? I've only seen 1 daughter reported.
Whaaaaat?!
Source??
Take out the whole cartridge, we need God to breathe on this before the reset. Damn, Mamba...
Co signed Fuck this whole year already Let's save scum
Just throw the whole year away
Barely een stawted
Real shit! I’m done with this year for real.
[removed]
If trump gets reelected im fucking OUT
At this point he prob will with how SHIT this year is. Virus, impeachment, and fires?
Don’t forget the flooding, and Africa’s getting hit with the worst locust infestation in 70 years
That Trumpfucker is playing with Black Magic. I guarantee it.
Oh yeah, and there was an earthquake and flood in Puerto Rico
Ok what the fuck we have literal plagues now, i hope it's not the dawn of times because it sure as hell could be
Mmm - the waters in Australia are filled with floating dead sea life cus the waters are basically being poisoned with toxins and ash https://amp.theguardian.com/world/2020/jan/17/hundreds-of-thousands-of-fish-dead-in-nsw-as-bushfire-ash-washed-into-river
Iran too, we're only 26 days into the year
Well January is like Monday nobody likes Monday.
Go vote!
Remember to vote! So we can finish the year on a high note.
And all people in the US make sure you do that 2020 Census
Ever since Nipsey it feels like whoever had the script of life handed to a child who’s just messing everything up
It’s been fucked since Harambe
They turned on the large hadron collider and we got zapped into the Event Horizon hell dimension, we just haven't figured it out yet
It’s literally been all downhill from there
This
I'm not, we have to elect a new president this year.
Don’t remind of that shit show please.
Reload back to 2016, if you’re already going there.
Reload the past ten years and be done with it.
I'm still convinced the world really ended in 2012.
Oh shit, the Aztecs were right!
Mayans. But jokes aside, the world having ended in 2012 is a common belief among some subcultures. A lot of seriously wicked and strange evidence point to it.
Mind sharing? I’m curious ??
Sure thing. A lot of people in certain paranormal communities reported a large shift in 2012. Many things like the Mandela Effect, loud noises coming from the sky all around the country, and other very disturbing things as proof. Some of these people believe CERN's experiments have caused an event that destroyed the old world and forced our souls into an alternative universe. Others believe we are in a simulation and 2012 marked some kind of turning point.
And yet you neglected to provide any...
I wasn't aware I'm obligated to? If you're asking for more information, could you ask politely so that I would be incentivized to actually spend time communicating with you for your own curiosity and benefit?
Maybe it did and this is hell.
Sure feels like it.
I was at the best mall in 3 cities near me, when the time hit for the Mayan shit, I told my gf we need to be in a public place to see everyone's reactions, everything was normal. Except for me, I felt numb like a husk I was in line for pretzels with my gf thinking she doesn't know either music is/was starting to get bad, movies were a shit show; I looked back around 2016 when things really started to hit the fan. pre-2012 things seemed better idk; 2008 sucked my economics teacher told us basically we're fucked turning 18 next year he liked my class.
That twitter thread took me through a rabbit hole. Whew
I don't know why, but I'm just angry about this right now.
This one kinda hurt more cause for me anyways Kobe was larger than life, like i've seen him do some crazy unbelieveable shit on the court and inspire so many people I kinda just assumed Kobe would just yam it on deaths head when he comes looking. May the victims Rest in Peace.
Remember when we thought 2016 was bad? I miss those days.
This year is stressing me the fuck out and it's only been a few weeks
I’m calling it now, the apocalypse is gonna happen this year. We already have all four horsemen. I think the Mayans just forgot to carry the one or something when they calculated 2012. War - Soleimani getting assassinated Famine - Australia burning up Pestilence - Wuhan Coronavirus Death - Kobe
I feel like this has been said every year for a long time now lmao
Meme culture has made people so melodramatic
So true it seems every year OMG 20__ is the worst year ever!
These things have been about since the beginning of humanity. We have always faced conflict, poverty, disease, and we have always paid our debt to life.
I read a report earlier that the skies in Africa are black due to swarms of locusts this year.
We've been in the apocalypse since 2012
You need to Google the definition of famine cuz that ain't it chief
Yeah man,wtf hopefully we can get trump out,still won't bring back kobe!!!
We thought 2019 started off bad....January this year has been hell.
guys is this for real mysterio wont leave me alone
Game over man. Game over!
This year of the rat isn’t out to a good start. The virus and now Kobe. I’m not prepared for the rest of this year.
I feel like I just heard Superman died. Fuck dude this man was a hero to so many people, myself included growing up. Damn dude. Damn. 2020 starting to be such a bullshit year.
I remember when Superman died. This feels a lot worse.
Yeah at least Superman came back...
Yeah, he wasn't gone all that long. And Kobe can't come back. Its rough, man.
He was one of the iconic basketball players that even non basketball fans (like me), know his name. It hits hard
Well yea Kobe’s a real person
Me too fucking home from bar wrecked over this. Im literally damn near breaking.
Great comparison. The dude was indestructible for so long. Played on his left hand when his right got injured, put off surgery for months, made free throws after tearing an Achilles. Kobe was fucking superman and did amazing shit on the regular.
JFC I don't even like basketball and I'm shook
Theres those celebrity deaths that just hit different than the other ones. This is definitely one of them
Who hasn't shouted "Kobe" before? This is definitely different.
kobe was an absolute legend. hes even got a type of beef named after him bruh
an entire state named after him!
Mamba Mentality is definitely a state of mind.
And a species of snake.
I know you are probably joking to cope with sadness, but Kobe beef is named after the region in japan where it comes from. I’ve never really liked basketball, but knew who Kobe was. It’s just so shocking to hear how he died. I just hope it wasn’t painful and too terrifying for him and his daughter. I couldn’t even imagine. It’s terrible.
And I read that Kobe’s parents saw Kobe beef on a menu and thought it sounded unique and interesting so that’s how he got his name.
That I didn’t know. That’s really neat
Kobe Bryant was actually named after the beef IIRC. He was a fascinating dude. Was born in Italy & despite moving to Philly as a toddler still spoke fluent Italian his whole life.
He lived in Italy from age 6 to 13 when he moved back to philly and went to HS there
I literally just did that for the first time in so long like 2 days ago
This was one of my first thoughts, after the whole denial phase. Kobe was a titan, not just for basketball, not just for sports, but for the entire nation.
He wasn’t just a basketball star, he was a cultural icon.
I’ve been thinking this all day... even people who don’t know basketball know that phrase, he was universally recognized in such a unique way. RIP mamba and mambacita ??
I was serving brunch this morning and did exactly that while throwing a towel back into the sanitizer. Homie let me know what happened and I was just kind of stunned
This. Really got me. I don’t watch the NBA. Kobe was more than basketball. He was bigger than life. It’s just crazy.
One of my friends called this the NBA equivalent of Princess Diana's death, and I agree
Like getting caught off guard by a grizzly
Same ?
I didn’t know who he was but checked this thread out of curiosity. Saw a gif of him talking to his daughter who also died and now I’m crying. This shit sucks.
I'm not usually one to get all bummed out about celebrity deaths but this one fucking sucks.
It's just so fucking sudden too.
Same here. I look at sports celebrities in a totally different light than movie/tv celebrities.
This wack as hell man . Dug my Jersey out a box now I'm just sitting here like a sad nigga . The weed shops happy hour isnt for 4 hours .rip
Decided to randomly drop into a shop while I was out running errands and they had some Black Mamba oil I decided I needed to get. The guy at the counter didn't even know :(
level 3 whats black mamba oil for ?
Damn, man. Black mamba was the strain me & my now best friend first bonded over. That shit was on another level. We’re both big Kobe fans, so it seemed fitting. That strain is a beaut & will now carry a new legacy for us
Out with the fam for my cousin’s bday lunch. We all lost our appetites. As filipinos, yall know we bandwagoned the Lakers so hard here and back home. My uncles were teary eyed ffs. RIP KOBE and GIGI and the others involved Edit: typo
My mom makes sinigang when I get sick or depressed. Time to call up mom today.
Enjoy that weed and grieve, but consider donating some of your time to volunteering at after school sports programs in memory of Kobe and the work he was doing with some of his charities. Maybe go to your local park/YMCA see if anyone is playing basketball and just want to grieve as a community.
That’s really a sweet idea.
[deleted]
One scene i remember from his documentary 'kobes muse', where he said sth about becoming a parent and not eing able to just talk the talk, but u gotta walk the walk.. This guy left us with so much of his wisdom that he wouldve had even so much more to share. RIP black mamba
You're really going to attack this person for coping the only way they know how? It may seem wrong to you, but let this person cope how they want to cope.
Well it’s almost been 4 hours
OMG ITS SO AWFUL
Y’all I don’t even watch basketball but this shit shook me. It’s so surreal
I grew up on him. Even if I didn't watch NBA too much he was our generations Jordan. And barely retired too.
This is as shocking as finding out Steve Irwin was killed by a sting-ray. Can’t believe it.
You're exactly right. I think it's the shock factor of the youth of a person on top of how beloved they are.
Even more shocking with the kid involved
True. And her friend and friend’s dad. Real sad.
F that 2020 needs a rewind button.
His 13 year old daughter GiGi, also died in the helicopter.
I can’t imagine what her mom is going through.
She and Kobe just had a baby last summer. I feel so bad for her.
or Natalia
This is fucking whack.
I feel like January 2020 has lasted for 45 years
I started the year 24 years old. I am now genetically 50.
We living in trump years now .
Bruh I just had to google this shit. Apparently there was a helicopter crash in Calabasas and 5 people died... holy shit bruh...
Idk if this had anything to do with it, but I live in LA and it was foggy as shit last night & this morning. Couldn't see more than a block down the road.
The score will be 24-8 he means.
the play clock will be 24 seconds all game
Chip Kelly salivating
Kelly gonna honor Bryant by having his team pull 24 seconds 3 and outs over and over
Damn it was 5 years ago and it still hurts to think about
Three years ago for us bub
I think you’re feeling alright now
I think we all realize there’s a new formula for getting the number 1 seed and going to the super bowl: hire chip Kelly and then fire him
This is the only reason I don’t totally hate the fact he was here. Team building is a delicate process and everything from the last few years led to our Super Bowl run. I use that to cope with the fact Chip traded one of my all time favorite Eagles LeSean McCoy.
I got McCoy's jersey the season before. The first jersey I ever got because I figured he would be with us his whole career.... Fuck Chip Kelly.
You could get Geoff Fisher for 3 seasons in a row and get 5 1st round picks.
I'm trying to figure out why you defaulted to that spelling of Jeff/Geoff.
And about two years ago, you felt pretty damn good I'll bet.
Yeah...wtf. dammit why didn't we pick up Chip before Gruden? We'd be about fuckin ready
Haha you had jack del rio instead
As a UCLA fan, it still hurts
I watched a lot of UCLA this year. Their defense was one of the worst I've ever seen
one of?
I mean UMass and UConn exist and technically have football programs.
It bums me out that the Cal 2014 defense might just be the worst D1/FBS defense of all time.
ooh, you're a Rams fan too! I'm nominally a Rams fan since they drafted Goff and moved to LA, but I don't know shit about the team so I don't wear the flair on this sub.
You haven't watched a lot of UCLA football?
My reaction as an Eagles fan
Andy Reid sweating
XFL has entered the chat
And instead of 4 downs there will be 8.
But every play has to be a 50 yard bomb.
Jameis has entered the chat
QB has to shout "Kobe!" every time he throws a pass
There will be no passing
A Kobe joke that isn't distasteful? you did the impossible.
god that'd be hilarious. alternating quarters, 24 sec game clock and 8 sec game clocks. can you imagine the chaos? it'd be glorious.
They should honestly do that irl
Brady wanting to pump up the clock
That score has only happened one time in history: https://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/197510260oti.htm
Interesting. You’d think there would be a few instances of a team down 24-0 that would shoot for a 2pt conversion to make it a 2 score game.
2 pt conversion has only been around for ~25 years.
And only a few years since coaches stopped being cowards on an almost universal scale.
Yeah I still think coaches are too conservative. like anytime a team is near the 50 in losing in the fourth with five or less minutes to go and punt I just assume they've lost the game
They are still too conservative sometimes, and sometimes they go to the other end of the spectrum and get hyper-aggressive when it isn't needed.
That's still 25 years for it to happen?
Absolutely. But there's 75 years without it...
The AFL did have a 2 pt conversion and those years do count in NFL records because of the merger so there are a few more games than you think. But that was only a decade or so.
woah. I'm 35, and my memory of the timeline is different. I thought 2 point conversions were a bit later, like around 2000. But yeah, apparently it was 1994. weird.
Interestingly when we were down 24-0 to the Texans, we scored a TD and chose to not go for 2. I don't think going for 2 when down by that much is accepted by a lot of conservative NFL coaches yet. Similar to how there are still coaches that go for 1 when up by 19.
Yeah, I don't think it makes much sense to chase the 24 points in the second quarter. Maybe as soon as late in the third quarter you would want to start collecting "8's" instead of "7's".
Optimal strategy to win individual games, and optimal strategy to not get fired are very different. Hard to fault someone for taking bad lines that let them keep a 5+ million/year job.
How often do teams come back from down 20 points vs. down 21 points?
Yeah, but how likely would a team make that 2pc? They have had trouble scoring the whole game.
The 24-8 game linked wasn't even that scenario. The team with 8 scored a touchdown, missed the extra point, and then later got a safety.
It's kinda odd to have your logo be a person wearing your helmet rather than the helmet itself.
Yeah, that's a terrible logo. Though it was the first year the Oilers switched to the baby blue uniforms with white helmets. One of the best uniform schemes ever, in my opinion. The Raiders also use a logo of a guy wearing their helmet. And of course the Dolphins used to have a logo of a dolphin wearing some other team's helmet.
That Dolphin is a huge Miami (OH) Redhawks fan
Yeah this Dolphins one was much better Edit: seizure alert!
why do I keep thinking a wild pokemon has appeared
That's gonna give someone a damn seizure.
I'll edit that comment
That's true, not sure how I forgot about the Raiders and Dolphins. The Oilers one just looks so unnatural.
The Oilers kept that logo through 1979. But look at their 1969 logo! haha Is that the only logo in history that doesn't include the team colors?
LOL those duck looking lips
The Oilers one just looks so unnatural. Yeah, it's an ugly design. The helmet and head look misshapen. It kind of reminds me of the helmet logos on the 1975 Topps Football cards. Coincidentally(?) the same year as that game I linked.
The Oilers one didn’t last as long. Half the people on this sub probably weren’t alive or old enough to remember it when it was discontinued.
Pastorini pulled an Orlovsky.
This is why I come here. Awesome find
Would’ve love to see Pastorini run it out of the end zone for a safety in the 4th... smoke break?
Four safeties by the 49ers
Twelve safeties by the Chiefs
We can dance if we want to, we can leave your friends behind
I want this game just for the general meltdown.
Holy shit would that be an entertaining game.
24-24 with 8 safeties
49ers blow a 24-8 lead
Delete this
I dont know how...
Hol up
Wait a minute. 49ers thought the game was finished?
Bruh
Couch demon
And regain it to win 27-25
Then the chiefs come back to win it all!
All penalties will be 24 yards long and instead of 1st and 10 it will be 1st and 8
I hate your username/flair combo. that is all.
I hate your quarterback. That is all.
If the score is actually that, I'm gonna swallow my own cum!
You say that as if you've never done it before.
RemindMe! 1 week.
lol
Amen brother! Now we just gotta figure out which team has the Shaq equivalent
Madden score
That would be insane if that's the score RemindMe! 1 week
Nah 248 minutes of commercials.
Wait that doesn't match any of my boxes
Or 248-81
Fix is in boys
I got 4-8 in my squares so this is the only thing hope I have now.
Not a basketball fan, I know he wore 24 in the pros but what is the significance of 8?
He wore 8 at first in the NBA, then later in his career switched to 24
[deleted]
Don't let Bears kickers do this.
Bears kickers say "Shaq".
Shatters the uprights
Hey you guys fuckin had him too haha
He was good with us, I don't know what the hell happened other than the obvious "you mofos are cursed".
Honestly a Shaq style shattering of the uprights would be good for Bears kickers, makes it harder to hit them that way
Cody Parky came pretty close
I’d be okay with that if it meant we could just have them drive to the goalposts with the ball every time
they can make the "kobe" sound with the doinks.
I thought those doinks were the sound of the ball bouncing off the rim.
Bears kickers: CURRY!
And then going in, call that the Kawhi. Fuck you Philly
Ouch, hahahaha.
da double doink
Ko-boink!
Ill just pretend our kicker is Robbie Gould
All pass attempts must be fadeaway jumpers
Mahomes going to throw for 824 yards in 33 completions that way
Ah yes, the madden strategy.
49ers will honor him by passing the ball as little as possible.
Jimmy's passing will be 2 completions out of 4 attempts.
For 81 yards
And 5 rings
GOAT
And 5 rings Mff. Love the ring to that.
for 198 yards and two td's.
Chiefs fans: Awesome! Packers fans: No, trust us, that's not a good thing.
With 8 rushing yards on the game.
Big Ben is giving a tribute at halftime
Holy shit this was a gamble
Would’ve been downvoted to hell in r/NBA
Has anyone making comments about this actually read the details of the case? That shit was the sketchiest pile of facts ever, on both sides.
https://reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/evtov3/because_of_the_recent_flooding_of_kobes_rape/
Thank you for posting this! It’s baffling to see people calling him a rapist, there is so much fucking evidence (and lack thereof by the prosecutor) saying that the claim was bullshit.
The thing thats the most fishy honestly is Kobe's apology. He admits that he understands it wasn't consensual. That's rape fam.
The thing that is most disappointing about all of this is how easily everyone bandwagons the 'nuts and sluts' defense, and latches on to hearsay from fanbois about what the accuser allegedly said in an effort to discredit her. "vaginal trauma can happen in consensual sex!" Yes, it can. But if you think this is so common that it is exculpatory, you're either grasping at straws or you have no experience from which to draw on. Kobe left the encounter with her blood on his shirt. Raise your hand if that's ever happened to you (not during shark week). "there was no DNA from a previous encounter on Kobe" Real life isn't fucking CSI. DNA evidence in real life is very hard to come by, and often unreliable. The rest is just hearsay from Kobe stans slandering the accuser calling her crazy or a slut. I don't know if Kobe raped that girl, and I really have no dog in the fight. But the response to it by the general public tells me we didn't make a whiff of progress with the Me Too movement. Not one single fucking bit. If you like Kobe, she's a nutty slut and everyone who slandered her is reliable. She gave up her case not because an army of fanbois was threatening her life, no sir, it was because there was "no evidence or testimony" (because apparently the accusers testimony somehow doesn't count). It's a sad state of affairs how little we've progressed on this issue, and the next girl who gets raped by a celebrity is even more likely to be scared to come forward.
The accuser changed her story 3 times and refused to testify, that’s why her testimony didn’t work in court.
Did you actually read the apology. He said he believed that it was consensual and now realizes that she didn’t see it as that. The apology was required as part of the settlement.
This is only a take you can have if you think these public statements have any truth to them and aren't created to fit the lawyers preferred narrative. Kobe didn't write those words and they aren't his true feelings. And did you read the link? Like the other dude says, when you read the details of the case I don't see how you choose any side except Kobe's. The woman's friend wanted to testify against her. Everyone has their bias' though. To substantiate this, the accuser asked for "unspecified amount of money, as well as public vindication.". She got both in the settlement. The accuser is the one who wanted this comment.
I feel like this article of his apology gives a good amount of detail as well. This is the apology he mentions will not be used in or was used in any trial/case Apology
I thought he admitted that he could see how she saw it wasn't consensual? Sounds like it's hard to parse that in one direction or the other tbh.
I understand what you're saying, but if you take it as him saying I understand why she thought it was rape... Doesn't that just mean you raped someone.
Yeah because that wasn't written by biased people
It's troublesome because by calling him a rapist, most people assume he pulled a Bill Cosby or R Kelly. The situation was far murkier than that.
What bugs met the most is people who may or may not have read the facts (lets be realistic they probably didn't) are just outright calling him a rapist. Like those people are just putting him into the same bucket as actual convicted rapist Brock Turner.
From his apology: Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter. Take from it what you will.
Rightfully so. The Kobe case and the Big Ben case were not really at all similar.
yea one actually had enough evidence to goto court and the other didn't
?? The Kobe case had no evidence! They literally pulled the case because the prosecution had already spent over $200,000 trying to pull together a trial without bringing forth an ounce of passable evidence or testimony.
I mean probably not, people who just go “DAE Kobe da raper” will get downvoted, cause even if the discussion hadn’t been had a million times already there, it’s very much not the time or place. But I think a dark but clever joke about Kobe would go over mostly fine, I’ve already seen a few get upvoted highly, just not about the rape case yet. You’d definitely get a couple Laker fans screaming at you though
At risk of being whooshed, but this is a rape joke, right?
Yes most likely
Neither were proven in court and both settled out of court. Ben’s was allegedly “less than a game check” for him and Kobe’s was allegedly upwards of 2.5 million to not go through civil court.
Yeah. That Washington Post reporter brought it up on social media and got suspended.
Live from the bathroom
Whether we want it or not
We’ve stepped into war with the cabal on Mars
It’s not often that I see a Destiny reference so when it happens, I naturally upvote it.
/r/unexpecteddestiny
Wait, we're allowed to do this now?
It's a dice roll.
Not on /r/nba, that is for sure. If you don't think the NBA should retire both jerseys, make him the logo, and name all the awards after him, you won't do well over there.
I still can't believe the Mavs retired his number. Definitely a "hey look at me moment"
I mean the entire NBA is in extreme mourning. Who are you to say it’s an attention grab? You know Cuban personally?
I'm from Dallas and know that Kobe hasn't done anything for Dallas, for the team or the city. So him retiring his number is fucking weird.
He outscored your entire team in 3 quarters one time
Facts
So he has to do something for your city to have the basketball team posthumously retire his number? Weird... it’s Cuban honoring one of the greatest NBA players ever who died tragically and too soon. Really not that weird.
It's not unprecedented. Pat Riley retired Jordan's number in Miami when he retired. It's just symbolic of their impact I feel like you're being too cynical trying to attribute it to an attention grab
And the Heat get made fun of over it to this day.
It’s not enough that he was friends with the owner of the team? Why do you even care? Kobe was a huge reason the NBA is as popular as it is today. He’s paying respect to a legend of the game who died in an extremely tragic way. There’s no reason to complain about that.
Mark Cuban in a nutshell
Not that surprising given Mark Cuban is gonna Mark Cuban, but I agree. That was as almost as stupid as the Heat retiring MJ's number, and definitely as attention seeking.
To be fair, I think one of his numbers being retired leaguewide wouldn't be surprising, and probably appropriate. The logo thing would be cool in a way, but that's not a change I would expect or find necessary.
It’s ridiculous over there. I know the guy was a sports legend but if you don’t suck his dick and say he never did any wrongs, you are the devil in the eyes of everybody on that sub.
He meant a lot to a lot of people and died way too early, the reaction is hardly surprising imo
Nope. Just waiting for someone to link this on nba
You can say pretty much anything as long as it’s clever. It’s the people that try too hard and shoehorn in dark references for the sake of being edgy that get downvoted.
Hell yeah, Ben Wallace!
Cheers from Detroit
This paid the fuck off and im shocked.
sigh man couldn’t Duck have been better so I could stop dealing with this awfulness.
I still think mason is your guy. He just needs a bit more development, which by all accounts Ben isn't giving him. And I'm basing this soley on the size of his head. He will be a great replacement for Captain Fat Fuck: Leader of Men.
DAMN was this joke borderline. The madlad did it
Based!
Just get the rebounds!
“Just get the rebound!”
I guess Jimmy won't get to shoot his shot
Jimmy rushes for 300 yards and 5 TD
Passing 8 times and rushing 24 times
Come on man. As kittle as possible
Announcers will state: "Did you know; he didn't play football in college."
17 All-Time in assists
No, he’s 31st all time in assists. source
That’s what happens when you’re a guard with the 8th most minutes played of all time Your argument should be that when you when compare Kobe to other SGs of his era, his APG are higher than most
At half time I want Shakira to come out on a stage like a giant basketball hoop. Everyone in the crowd gets soft squishy nerf basketballs and when she says her hips don't lie, everyone chucks their foam basketballs at the stage shouting "KOBEEEEEE". Anyone who gets it inside the stage basket gets free tickets to a game next year of their choosing.
I dont think Shakira can take that many balls to the face
That what we have Madonna for.
She don’t need to, she’s got Pique for that
Her husband can tho
A man can dream
You’re right. She isn’t your mom.
Remember in the Simpsons when they threw pretzels at the minor league player? The whitey wackers? Edit: https://youtu.be/PwO26G_ktrk
Lol imagine having the money to go to the Superbowl and winning tickets to go to some random game of their choice lol. woooooo....
How is Kyrie Irving supposed to watch the Super Bowl now?
Like he’d watch it anyways lol. A bowl implies roundness and he’s into flat things
Super Bowl is actually a Super Plate, wake up sheeple
Kobe gone over the great ice wall in the sky.
Like they did with Stephen Hillenburg? I won't hold my breath.
They’ll pretend to show Kobe highlights then show Lance Stephenson videos
As long as they don't mistaken the Lakers with the Knicks only to end up saying a controversial word in between
Oh don't get your nickers in a bunch!
Ok, but what about people who annoy you?
N_ggers
?_?
I only said that because I thought I was gonna win money.
That will be on the BBC broadcast.
Lance Reddick actually.
I loved him in Fringe and The Wire but this is definitely worthy of a highlight.
Knew it before I clicked it.
Thought it was going to be this
WHERE IS MY SWEET VICTORY
Never forget this travesty.
Seriously, either you do it or don't. That half ass spongebob teaser at the beginning was the worst choice of both.
It's like they sat down and thought "what's the worst possible way for us to do this."
They even cut off part of the trumpet intro for some reason, as if they really needed that extra half second.
What if they just wanted to piss us off so we'd talk about it more?
I had forgotten about it until I saw the title of this thread, I would’ve talked about it more if they had actually done it.
Welcome to the NFL
Still so angry
They went out of their way to spit on the fans
No Sweet Victory and way too much Maroon 5. What a disaster
I've completely forgotten about that.
[deleted]
But in a way it DID happen. They made enough noise to where the NFL did in fact acknowledge it.
Which was really nice of the NFL.
To this day I don’t understand why people were upset about that. I got super excited that it made it in, because it was a huge petition so it was cool to see that it got recognized. Then I went on to Reddit and saw everyone was pissed for some reason. I was just happy they put it in at all
To this day I don’t understand why people were upset about that Because the way it was teased made it seem like Maroon 5 was going to cover a portion of Sweet Victory. I'm pretty sure a reporter even tweeted they heard them practicing it.
Then I went on to Reddit and saw everyone was pissed sums up this site pretty well right there
It had good intentions at first but then it just sort of devolved into a meme. I thought the little tribute was cool to see, but it probably didn’t help that the halftime show in general was pretty fucking trash.
Gonna preface this by saying I hope they do Kobe right. But could the same logic be applied to this if they fuck up the Kobe tribute? He’s also irrelevant to the NFL (correct me if I’m wrong, maybe he’s done some stuff with NFL i don’t know about) he’s just a much bigger star. Why don’t they honor every big sports star who dies too young? I’m not trying to be controversial here, again I really do hope they do Kobe right, but if you’re going to say that one is irrelevant to the NFL then you have to say so is the other, no? The biggest differences being 1) who knows the name aka Kobe is a worldwide name and 2) Kobe played sports Also, that episode of Spongebob came out a while ago (on mobile so not sure what year..) when I was a young kid and I’m now 22, so I’m not sure I’d say it was teenagers who threw the biggest tantrums. I don’t think they did anything wrong with the tribute last year FYI, I just think it was a lot of mid 20 year olds who got more upset that they’re meme didn’t happen
as you said Kobe is at least relevant in the sports world whereas the dude that created spongebob isnt...like at all
Literally the most Reddit thing of all time. They put a Fucking spongebob clip in Tempe super bowl half time show, that’s crazy! And these Fucking idiots expected a whole tribute to someone no one could even name?
The fact they even referenced it at all was incredible, and any one that complained that it wasn't enough is a big baby
[deleted]
never forget bro put that on your grave
Deepfake Kobe to sing Old Town Road and then end the show with fireworks that spell "LeBron James was better tbh"
I don't even know who that is or why you think the NFL should honor him.
Hot take: Kobe is a bigger name in sports than Stephen hillenburg.
A montage of Kobe with Sweet Victory would be fantastic
Kobe singing it
I don't think many football fans cared as much...
who will be sponsoring the honoring of kobe? gotta utilize this cashcow /s
The Bud Light Kobe Bryant Halftime Memorial.
Dilly .·´¯(>?<)´¯·. Dilly
The charmin Kobe Bryant memorial
Soft
Like charmin
That's a good question. Verizon or Pepsi have to be favorites I bet.
Nike would make sense without being outrageously insensitive. He was one of the top athletes on their roster for years, and built their business in Asia a ton. They have a personal connection to him.
Farmers Insurance.
No /s here. Considering he was an NBA player, who's the sponsor?
I don't mean to be insensitive, but this kinda just seems like they're cashing in on the good publicity.
Of course they are. He wasn't an NFL player. More people will watch the game if they didn't care about the NFL now.
I don't think a 30s tribute will change the minds of fans who don't even watch the super bowl
Still doesn't feel real man Every morning I wake up and read it like it's the first time
You should get that checked out
He's like Drew Berrymore in 50 first dates
The only difference is Adam sandler doesn't wanna clap his cheeks
Did it have a previous name ?
I don’t believe so, I’m pretty sure it was just called the all star game mvp trophy
It was always an advertisement. Like ‘Kia all star game mvp’. Good for the league
As long as they don’t just make it the Kia Kobe MVP Award.....
At first I thought it was a good idea, after reading your comment... now I know what's really going to happen
That's exactly what it is.
At least its not sponsored by Sikorsky.
?
It's better than not doing anything at all. You can't expect the NBA to permanently remove a sponsorship, but adding Kobe's name to the MVP award is a cool thing to do.
[deleted]
Gimme a break. Kia isn't stupid. They aren't going to pitch a fit about the NBA taking their name off the all star MVP trophy to rename it after Kobe. NBA would likely have had to give them some money back or make it up to them, but the NBA absolutely could have made it happen if they wanted.
that’s not how it works
I could considering how much the NBA makes off of the fans with licensed purchases.
Headline should be "Kobe Btyant's name added to NBA All-Star MVP trophy"
You are da real MVP
“Just like the best player in the all star game let KIA be the MVP of your commute”? Or “now you call yell KOBE! Every time you park your KIA right on the first try”
Kia isn't even the MVP of extremely cheeply made car brands. Who approved their sponsorship of that award?
Money.
Ummm, the NBA.
Arguably, they are. They’re very close to Toyota, and generally cheaper.
I'm totally going to start doing this with my Kia minivan.
“You’ll move though traffic on the roads just like Kobe on the court, with KIA lane assist”
Let down.
Honestly kind of sickening. Almost feels like they're marring his name.
Obviously, they checked with his wife...
Oh, I forgot that actually means anything at all.
Jesus Christ, besides throwing money at the league, WTF kind of influence does a car company have on the NBA that they have to put its logo on a fuckin trophy.
Wow and here I thought it was special because the NBA was prioritizing honoring one of its players over advertising profits. NOPE :( Not only is Kia present on the trophy, but it’s by far the biggest text.
Imagine all the possibility: Kobe Beef MVP Award
They'll probably have it be like "The Kobe Bryant All-Star MVP Award presented by Kia"
I think is gonna be more like KIA presents the all star game Kobe Bryant mvp award.. maybe something along those lines.
No they've just limited their market for sponsors to companies named "Bryant". And now the winner of the Kobe Bryant Air Conditioner award goes to...
I don’t get the joke.
This is the same league that was bending over for China not that long ago, as much as this gesture means, we shouldn’t forget that.
That must have been an awkward conversation with the widow Kobe when they had to ask for the trophy back.
They should have named the finals MVP the Kobe... These guys barely compete in the all’s star game..
That's Bill Russell's Award. It hasn't even been called the Bill Russell award for very long either just a few years ago. That wouldn't even be fitting for the Finals MVP award to be named after Kobe anyways.
The KIA Kobe Bryant MVP award, with affiliation from Mountain Dew, sponsored by NBA 2K20.
Yup, like shoe-horning in the mountain dew zone shots in the 3 point contest. Got the announcers saying mountain dew over and over again
I had to scroll down waaaay too far before I realized its Kia (the Korean car people) and not Killed In Action.
As a basketball player, being KIA would be pretty intense.
Imagine being on the North Korean National Team and not bringing home the gold..
They're lucky they've won Olympic gold in Basketball every year since 1988 when it was inaugurated. Close run thing in 2009 through!
In conjunction with the RAND Corporation... we’re through the looking glass here, people
K.i.a. you say?
bruh
I can't help but roll my eyes how everyone loses their minds when someone dies. Suddenly everyone comes out of the woodwork to talk about them and they start naming awards and parks and streets after them. I don't get it. If they meant that much to you, that stuff should be done while they were still alive, especially for cases where it was a non-tragic death in old age, etc.
[deleted]
I can't help but roll my eyes how everyone loses their minds when someone dies See here's the thing. You definitely can help it. You just choose not to because you're an asshole.
My point is someone's worth doesn't change when they die. If they were important in life, why does them now being dead suddenly make them matter more? It's trite and disingenuous. Celebrate them in life, not just giving meaningless platitudes once they are dead. It's like talking about how important someone was, then finding out they fell on hard times later in life and died penniless and alone. If they mattered so much, why didn't you check up on them before hearing they were dead and agreeing to an interview?
Every death is tragic bruv, you’re not nearly as good of a contrarian as you think
A "KOBE award" is a nice name for an award actually.
Better trademark it so the Japanese beef couldn't be called kobe anymore.
Would be quite ironic because kobe was named after the beef
His brother Wagyu could never live up to the name
His sister Angus did tho
Wagyu gotta be like that?
It would become quite a beef between the two.
Perhaps after it is over, they can beefriend each other.
[deleted]
Watching this thread took quite the steak out.
They're both gonna have to beef up
I don’t get why you’re downvoted so hard for that. I’m hoping it’s all just a missed steak.
lmao the world has been pronouncing his name wrong for eternity
I was pretty sure the region, not the beef...? But it sounds funnier that he was named after beef.
Nope the beef. His mom saw it on a menu, is what I heard.
Kobe beef is pronounced "colby" according to my friends in the restaurant industry.
And what we’ve learned from that is that your friends are stupid.
I wouldn't disagree
Huh, really? I always thought it was “ko-bay.”
More like ko-beh
More like Ko-bae
That's just according to my friends, not the NY Times or anything.
Your friends are wrong, and also probably have never seen real kobe beef. There's only like 3 or 4 restaurants in the country that can sell it.
It's Japanese, and Japanese doesn't have an L sound, so...no.
I thought the Japanese word for rabbit was labbit?
n1, moron
I'm pretty sure the NBA isn't going to get Japan to rename a prefecture.
If they could, they would.
Ok, so the beef award is "Ko-bay" and the MVP award is "Ko-bee". Or we address the MVP award as "The Mamba award".
Can’t trademark words that are public domain - “Kobe” is public domain bc of the beef
What about the location Kobe?
Yeah but that’s pronounced kobe. It doesn’t sound anything like kobe, so there’s room for both to exist.
mmmm blackened kobe. wait
After the city* of Japan from where the beef is produced
It’ll be referred to as “The Kobe”. As in “Who is gonna take the Kobe this year” or “Dude, he won the Kobe 3 years straight!”
Just like how the beef was named
Kind of a reach, but a lot of the time grenade kills in FPS games are called "Kobes" so some developer could do something there.
I like the beef better
What will the award be called? Article didn’t say. Will it be like, “LeBron James won a Kobe in 2022?”
It's called the Kia NBA All-Star Game Kobe Bryan MVP Award. Link
Thank you. I suppose “LeBron James won a Kia in 2022” is even weirder. Edit: son/won
It would be very weird if LeBron son turned into a Kia
Kia like the car? Wtf lol
That sounds more like an award for crashing and burning...
Delete this nephew
Come on. Maybe it wasn't a good joke, but downvoting someone for dark humor? I thought dark humor is what reddit is about.
I didn't down vote lol. Just a meme.
Just another case of some people think you shouldn't joke about certain things. Some people suck.
Well you shouldn't joke about certain things though right?
You should be able to joke about anything, it's just unfunny or disrespectful to do so in certain situations or in front of certain people. Comedy is timing.
If I make racist jokes I'm just perptuating stereotypes and reinforcing prejudices. Even if everybody else knows I'm joking there could be one person who believes what I'm joking about, sees me joking about it and feels emboldened and accepted by it and then goes out and repeats this process. I would say that is an example of why you shouldn't joke about certain things.
Nah, every topic is permissable. Just gotta read your audience
Reddit almost always downvotes dark humor. Really the only notable time I can think of where it wasn’t was the dead guys wife thing.
I didn't downvote but damn the brigade is out in full force. It was a weak and kind of lame joke.
There’s a time and place for everything.
Ok professor oak
I was actually going to type the whole quote too lol
its just a bad joke
I didn’t downvote, but there is a bar set for dark humor. That lame ass attempt at dark humor fell flatter than Kyrie Irving thinks the Earth is. Shit wasn’t even clever.
Not a single comment in this thread is funny including yours.
I wasn’t trying to be funny chucklefuck
Flat earth joke was a joke. It fell flat, ironically.
[removed]
You really want to die on the hill of "me alluding to this completely irrelevant or ancillary at best related person and their completely irrelevant world view as a memetic simile wasn't a jab at humor?" Lmao you are the real chucklefuck here my man
Also isn't simile a common linguistic tool in comedy? Go back to elementary school. Maybe pick up some "established facts" along the way ?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Reddit is about alienating that which you aren't comfortable with such as the above comment. Reddit is a very pc place nowadays
Shit joke
Not really lol E: downvote brigade is out in full force lmao. I didn't even comment on the joke or it's quality but I've genuinely never thought that of all things "dark humor" is the point of Reddit. What? Since when?
No
Oh come on..Dark comedy is the only way to get through this..How else do you cope with an NBA prodigy not getting to live his retirement with the fortune he earned and losing a child? Its not hatred or disrespect just how some people cope
only way to get through this or how some people cope Pick one
Do you get mad at comedians when they make dark jokes? It's a tragedy and Kobe will be forever missed, but let chill out on the virtue a tad bit
sorry, dude but this website is protected by white knights. they have to get their dicks hard somehow i guess
how do you even arrive at that conclusion lmao
I like a bit of dark humour as much as the next person... all I'm doing is pointing out the hypocrisy in your comment
Or for raping somebody and getting off scot free because you're famous and got your lawyer to ig ore a judges orders and intimidate a key witness in a court of law
I’ve never seen evidence of this intimidation. Can you provide a link or something?
Nope. Because it didn't happen.
Wow. The lies and misconceptions just get crazier. I will keep this brief. Look through my history for the link. That lady: Had an obsessive disorder where she felt a need to be around celebrities Tried to do the same thing to eminem a year prior Had 8 different Lakers players semen in her, not Kobe's Worked at the hotel it supposedly occurred. The one camera watching that room suddenly went out for about 15 minutes After they settled, the lady and her kid were seen dressed head to toe in brand new laker gear complete with Kobe jerseys
Had 8 different Lakers players semen in her, This is simply false.
https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/82de6s/because_of_the_recent_flooding_of_kobes_rape/ Whatever. Enjoy sleuthing.
Look, part of what you posted is simply 100% false. She wasn't even near any other Lakers players at the time, let alone having semen from 8 of them. This was at a hotel in CO and Kobe was the only player there. He wasn't traveling as part of the team but for a surgery. Like, in what strange scenario on your head is this possible?
Lol. K.
So Lebron should have a lot of them then
Hot take
Not if you've followed his career
r/cursedcomments
Too soon bro
no its just the joke was so lame and it wouldve been 100000x better unsaid.
[removed]
hi
Pretty sure it’s the Kia All Star Kobe MVP award or something like that
Personally I think “The Bryan Award” has a nice ring to it sorta like how college football players can win a Heisman Award.
How is that different from "OK Simpson won a Heisman" or "Roger Clemens won a Cy Young"
It’s not. I’m not objecting to it, I just wanted to know the nomenclature we were going to use for the name and that wasn’t in the article about the name.
A fight for the award will now be called “Kobe Beef”
Did not see “award” in the title, thought they were going to rename the MVP “Kobe”. “Alright, I know it’s too soon, but you’re our only hope Lebr- I mean, Kobe James!”
[Stares in Michael Jordan]
?
Look, I'm all for honoring the guy because what happened is horribly tragic. I just don't know if this renaming the MVP award is more honoring or trying to capitalize on the emotional reaction we are all still experiencing. If anyone deserves the MVP award to be named after then it's Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
It's just for the all-star game
True. But even so.
Kobe Bryant is being honored with the name for this award due to his untimely passing and also the fact that he has the most all star MVPs. It seems like you mistaken this award for the regular season MVP.
False: Bob Pettit and Kobe Bryant are tied with 4
That's pretty "Public Relations" of the NBA. A tenant of PR is to never waste a good tragedy so... Great way to honor a man who already sealed more honor than can be bestowed. Get ready for these new tribute-Kobe shoes...
At least it's an appropriate award to name after him; Kobe won 4 All-Star game MVPs if I'm not mistaken. Hell, the Finals MVP is named after the most decorated champion in the sport, Bill Russell, so not like it's unprecedented to name them after guys; however, it does feel shitty that a tragedy had to happen for this.
No. You create a new almost unobtainable award. Again... One can't bestow honor to Kobe. Kobe's honor is a milestone to reach. If it's gonna be a PR stunt, this is something worth setting precedent for.
lol what
look at this dude's commend history and you'll understand..
Tl;Dr: NBA is picking low hanging fruit.
That low hanging fruit of "being the best player at a game full of the other best players." What a bum-ass award.
Meh... LeBron has won it 3 times. One more to tie and another to just take the title of that award (once LeBron dies and its useful for the NBA to do so) ... You picking up what I'm putting down? I feel like kobe's impact/legacy is a bit more valuable than this spot. It should be something nearly insurmountable other than to Kobe. This "achievement" of all-star MVP doesn't appreciate the greatness of the man IMO. It seems like a low-hanging fruit snatch by the NBA.
You picking up what I'm putting down? Not at all. I just get the feeling your mad pedantic so I want nothing to do with that. It's the worst thing about Reddit. The "my opinion is more valuable than yours" of this place ruins it.
Kobe's impact is only significant because of your age. If you were 10 years younger you'd think Kobe's shit compared to LeBron. If you were 10 years older it'd be MJ.
Despite your downvotes, I agree with you.
Downvotes don't determine whether you're correct or incorrect. That's a misnomer of reddit. They indicate you've caused an abrasion in the flow. Some call it ju-ju... Others, harmony. It's not wrong nor bad... It just is. Sometimes its necessary. I feel this is one of those times because the PR effort here is blatantly offensive.
I agree
Not really, it’s a good way to honor Kobe
It's really NOT though. There are far better ways, such as setting an award Kobe has reached and Noone else has (haven't researched it yet but I'm sure there are several). there are PR teams that come up with better solutions than me.... This is nothing more than using name recognition of a tragedy to endorse NBA® branding. Sad, really. /r/aboringdystopia style sad...
That doesn’t make sense, there is no award for things like that. This isn’t using a tragedy this is honoring Kobe. You’re putting too much thought into it
Exactly, there are no awards for this. Create one that's deserving. Set a new benchmark the way he would. This would accurately honor Kobe.
One deserving like being the MVP of the all star game. Good idea
First, it’s all a matter of opinion. Second, you keep referencing the creation of some award that nobody else has reached except Kobe. That would be called a record. Can you think of any example in sports where somebody is given an award or trophy for breaking a record? It just doesn’t happen. If LeBron ever breaks the all time record for points scored he’s not going to get The Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Points Trophy. Instead, he will just become the record holder. Lastly, besides fact that awards like you are referencing don’t exist, if an award was created to honor Kobe that almost nobody ever received that’s not a great way to keep his name alive. At least with the All-Star MVP Trophy his name will still be relevant year to year and for a while players may play harder in that game to win that award honoring his competitive spirit. Edit: And don’t just be sure there are several milestones. Research it and then come back. What if there aren’t any of these mythical records to name an award after?
A tenet of PR
No no no, they mean someone renting a property in Puerto Rico
Now they just need to call the dunk trophy the AG00 award
They will do anything for some media attention
So are we putting up there with the Kevin Spacey award for best new comer or the Michael Jackson best young talent Grammy?
best new comer damn
Kevin Spacey jokes aren't funny. Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
are fucking immature assholes Very poor choice of words
/r/whoosh
I think he meant it literally....
https://i.imgur.com/NSysDv2.gifv
Oof you got wooshed hard on that one
Oh god, the pandering is out of control at this point.
At one point, the whole thing becomes a caricature of itself. However, it is true that worshipping/idolatry fans are the best consumers.
Soo what are we gonna do when MJ dies
Unless Jordan dies a) young and b) tragically, nothing.
Well Kobe has the most consecutive all star games and the point record holder, so it makes sense. Not sure about mj but they will do something
I’ve always said it’ll equate to his impact on the game. He took the league from national to global. Sure he had help during the two Dream Team runs, but without MJ... nada. So, IMO, they’re gonna change the logo to be the jump man or include the jump man into the logo. Him and Jerry West can somehow share the logo, I’m sure because his impact made the league popular. edit meaning, there will be 2 logos. One side of the ball will be jerry west and the other side will be mj
No way that'll happen. Jerry West has essentially let them use his image as the logo royalty free for over half a century by now. Not only is it so ingrained as the league logo, but the Air Jordan logo is trademarked and an empire to itself. Even if MJ all of a sudden decided to gift it for free, his other associated business partners in the Air Jordan brand likely wouldn't allow it.
Does the all stars show have like a 1v1 tournament, I don't really follow it that much. It'd be fire if they held a yearly "Jordan 1v1 tournament" at all stars.
Change the logo to the jump man. Guarantee it.or at least have 2 co-logos. Jerry West’s impact was just as significant.
audible eyeroll
I’m honestly for Kobe being the new NBA logo. Jerry West doesn’t seem like he wants it to be him anymore and the logo hasn’t been updated in a long time if ever.
The NBA "Rapey" award?
Shhh, no one wants to remember that part.
Er... sure you know the case where he wasn't convicted and the details were incredibly dicey. I don't think anyone forgot but maybe some people only read the headlines.
Except he apologized.. and said he understood she didn't consent. Sounds like he knew it was wrong.
He never said he understood she didn't consent, he said that he understood that she feels like she didn't consent: Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter.
Yeah it’s basically a “I’m not sorry for what I did, I’m just sorry you perceived it that way” type of non-apology.... still not a good excuse.
I take it as more so that it was a miscommunication in the moment, and Kobe does seem sorry about it, but the point of the speech was to clarify that he thought she had consented.
No, he didn’t. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. Full statement: First, I want to apologize directly to the young woman involved in this incident. I want to apologize to her for my behavior that night and for the consequences she has suffered in the past year. Although this year has been incredibly difficult for me personally, I can only imagine the pain she has had to endure. I also want to apologize to her parents and family members, and to my family and friends and supporters, and to the citizens of Eagle, Colorado. I also want to make it clear that I do not question the motives of this young woman. No money has been paid to this woman. She has agreed that this statement will not be used against me in the civil case. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter. I issue this statement today fully aware that while one part of this case ends today, another remains. I understand that the civil case against me will go forward. That part of this case will be decided by and between the parties directly involved in the incident and will no longer be a financial or emotional drain on the citizens of the state of Colorado.[21]
Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. You do realize what this says, right?
[removed]
So you're saying that you believe Kobe believed he was raping her at the time? Or do you feel like he thought he had consent? I just want to clarify what you're alluding to.
Whether or not he though he had consent doesn't matter that much. He literally said that he understood that she didn't consent, except he realized that later on. Like, if you do something bad it doesn't matter whether you knew it or not. That's not how laws work.
I guess because he's Kobe, people are willing to turn a blind eye. Regardless of what happened, I think majority of people will side with kobe because he's Kobe. I won't deny that.
You might want to read that again genius.
Thanks for the compliment. He didn’t say “it wasn’t consensual”. He said she doesn’t think it was consensual. Maybe nuance isn’t something you’re able to pick up, genius.
The case where her identity was revealed before the trial and her life became a living hell of harassment and death threats and she dropped the case. The case where he apologized, and admitted she didn’t consent. I think your memory might be hazy.
He never admitted she didn't consent, he always phrased it as a difference of opinion: Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter.
"...I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not..." He admits that she did not and does not believe the encounter was consensual. Sounds like she didn't consent. How are you managing to twist this literal admission into something else?
Its weird how quote mining leads to misleading interpretations. Context, read it. He's clearly saying that at the time it seemed to him that she consented, after the fact he understands she didnt give consent. Thats a pretty honest take from him imo considering the implications. Not to mention this is a case where it is literally 100% hearsay and the character of the alleged victim was questionable. Not to mention they seemed to settle it amicably and she admitted to directly lying about some details. So yeah lets not get all cut and dry on a hearsay case with limited details. Yes its bad for everyone, yes its worse for her than him, no we dont know what happened. Kobe isnt responsible for the public's interest in the case and took his lawyers' advice in the defense. He did not set out to ruin this persons life. By the way she got 2.5 million dollars. Idk if shes okay or not, I hope she is but this would be very different if say, Kobe owned a media organization in which he makes victims sign ndas regularly.
Believe all women! Except for this scenario!
This. Maybe they'll redesign it as a giant scarlet 'A' that's iron-pressed into your jersey for the rest of the season
Only Hall-of-Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar has more All-Star Game appearances than Bryant. He has the most games, except for one other guy.
[removed]
[removed]
I think it's called the not guilty
"She filed a police report and authorities questioned Bryant about bruising on the accuser's neck. Bryant admitted to a sexual encounter with his accuser but insisted the sex was consensual. The case was dropped after Bryant's accuser refused to testify in the case. A separate civil suit was later filed against Bryant by the woman. This was settled out of court and included Bryant publicly apologizing to his accuser, the public, and family, while denying the allegations." Replace "Bryant" with "Trump" and everyone would assume he's guilty. But since he was good at basketball and beloved for it, we'll hold our doubts...
Hmm, I'm not trying to defend Kobe but comparing him to Trump is going too far. Trump would not have even apologised. Trump would probably have boasted about it. Trump would probably have demeaned the alleged victim and anyone that accused him.
Not comparing the two, it's apples and oranges (heh...). I'm just saying that the rich don't settle and apologize publicly like that for nothing. If it were a more controversial name, it'd be received by the public very differently. Lifestyles of the rich and the famous, I suppose.
The rich settle to make the story go away, even if nothing happened it is still worth it since the amount of money is not a big deal to them. I don't think settling proves anything either way in this case.
Do you also publically apologize to your accuser after you've paid them off in court? Even when you claim to be completely innocent.
Yes Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did.
Edgelord
Go to jail.
Only people who don't make millions every day can afford to go to prison.
*sorts by controversial
The raping cheater award
#METOO except when it comes to Kobe Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did.
“Forensic evidence shows that the woman had sex with a Caucasian male later that evening, the case was thrown out because alleged victim refused to testify” ”Truly believe this encounter was consensual” if people didn’t care about this while he was alive why are they pretending to care now that he’s dead? And also, why did pedophile David Bowie get a pass when he died? And why are Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones still revered as great rock bands even after all the Jimmy Page and Mick Jagger shit?
This Kobe worship has gotten out of hand. The guy has a family and a young daughter that died, that’s tragic. But he was actually kind of a piece of shit as a person.
It’s a shame we only do these things posthumously, so the honoree never knows.
Yea but Bill Russell is still alive.
I think the Pro Bowl MVP should be the OJ Simpson Award. He would know.
Is the Pro Bowl going to this after OJ’s death?
I hope so.
Sanctify a double murderer.
I feel like this is just for publicity and not genuine. But, this is great!
That's pretty awesome
The new award name is the: Really Awesome Player Established It will be such an honor get.
good idea
As long as it’s not called the Kobe Bryant All Star mvp award brought to you be Geico; 15 minutes...
Nope. It’s Kia.
Nah, they should call it the Kobe Bryant "Really Amazing Player Excellence" Award.
Renamed to what? Edit: I'm getting downvoted, but the article litterally does not say.
They should rename the dunk contest throphy to Aaron Gordon slam dunk contest trophy
Dude sucks. Just uses props every time
Does it choke female hotel workers?
Why?
Because pandering greed.
It could have been the Micheal Jordan MVP award if he had past away in an accident 20 years ago
Sure, but he didn't.
First Annual Kobe Bryant Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Basketball
I love it
[deleted]
Actually, he does, with 4... He's also the youngest player to participate in an NBA All Star game.
The Kobe Raper Bryant MVP Award
The all star mvp. Pshh that’s the dumbest trophy ever.
When you’re a celebrity, you can do anything. Sigh.
KOBE!
I thought the NBA was done milking Kobe's death but I guess not
July 1, 2003
Ah yes, the day a girl decided to chase a pay check
Don't shame the girl. Be better than that.
I’ve seen the fake pass into Kobe’s face before, but I’ve never seen the whole interchange. Kobe was not giving into Barnes’ antics at all.
He was very much like MJ in playing the mental game against his opponents, especially when his body wasn't as responsive as it was early in his career.
Yeah Michael Jackson can't be topped in terms of his unshakeable showmanship. Very apt comparison.
He should have compared Kobe to Michael Jordan and not Michael Jackson, they actually play the same game professionally, not sure why he thought MJ was a better comparison
I thought MJ meant Magic Johnson- the famous adult film star
MJ is Maurice Jenkins the father of Leroy.
MJ is Spiderman's GF, no?
Naw dude, MJ is the medicinal herb people smoke.
How is weed compared to Kobe again? I’m totally lost.
Something about getting high and a bad comedown possibly?
The cows that get processed into kobe beef are introduced to marijuana as calves.
Smoke some more MJ, it’ll start making sense.
Just posting to be apart of this historical thread
pancakes with Prince
MAURIIIIIIIICE JEEEEEENKINNNNSNSSSS.
No, no. That's Earvin "Magic" Johnson. The famous adult all-star.
What? Wasn't he talking about milla jovovich???
No, Michael Jackson has amazing moves. Have you seen him on a court before? Smooth like a criminal. R.I.P. to Michael Jordan though. Sucks how his doctor was prescribing him all those drugs for his pain.
That was Prince. He played basketball against Charlie Murphy
Nah, man, that actually wasn't Prince. That was Dave Chappelle in eyeliner with Charlie Murphey (I know, right, easy mistake to make).
if this is performance art, you win
I just love this thread
Y’all see the Kobe/Jordan morph/comparison video? https://twitter.com/DavidBahnsen/status/1221644074798632960?s=20
Heh, the Jordan video is so much worse quality.
It wasn't much better live, on a 27" television. Worth every pixelated second, though. I feel very fortunate to have been able to watch 90's Jordan live.
Hello fellow old person :-) I even remember Kareem and Magic!
Wait
I meaaan, yes but also no?
Indeed. Apt indeed.
Something something kids something something neverland
Would be interesting to see a response from Barnes today after hearing the news about the Mumba, I’m sure Barnes would have immense respect and praise Kobe’s attitude.
They were amicable, Kobe said in an interview that he was giving Barnes' kids a basketball lesson as a birthday gift and Barnes said "I still don't know how you didn't flinch man"
"... as Barnes and Kobe say hello to each other" I love satirical commentary lol
I don't get it. Wasn't Kobe starting as much shit here as Barnes? Elbowing him after the dunk for instance.
He was definitely baiting him, and Barnes wasn't taking it well.
Kobe was playing chess while Barnes was playing checkers.
I'd say Barnes is more of a Connect Four man on his best day and a peek-a-boo man on most days.
Barnes doesn't strike me as the type of guy who even knows checkers. I've always hated Matt Barnes. He played for a bunch of teams, I'm so glad he never got a Celtics contract.
I would say Barnes purposely swung off the rim towards Kobe.
The hand hits him in the dick before Barnes swings out.
First angle it didn't look that way but after seeing the second angle his arm was definitely in there before barnes came close to finishing that dunk
He was in a defensive posture, he kept intentionally running into him, so as he swung the first time he gave a little push... then he swung harder and gave him an elbow to hold him off. I don't think Kobe was in the wrong here at all.
Yeah that’s just good defense.
Kobe shoved him in the dick, then raises an elbow to defend himself? That asshole was playing dirty. I don't praise him for this bullshit display and don't think others should either.
Meh, I prefer hockey where people don't whine about getting hit, it's expected.
Yeah but that's just a friendly dick slap between bros
Kobe definitely set him up for it though lol. Even if you hang on the rim, you always naturally just swing forward at least a tiny bit. But Barnes definitely saw him there and could've held on until his momentum swung backwards before letting go. But that's just me armcharing the situation lol.
Kobe 100% knew what he was doing. One of he few ways to pacify a player who is much better than you is to unsettle him by playing rough. Kobe played into the fact that Barnes was attempting to do this and deliberately set himself up for the fouls to happen. His completely unfazed demeanour served to fuel Barnes' aggression and frustration levels. To me that's not unsporting, it's just smart. At the end of the day the fouls are still fouls. Avoiding them often leads to the fouls not being called as well.
I get what you're saying, but purposefully. baiting another player into unsportsmanlike behaviour is in itself unsportsmanlike.
Anything Kobe did is because Barnes entered into Kobes bubble
Idk, the whole "arms up in the air" showing you didn't do anything and basically walking into the guy as you turned so your arms get in his face...thing...was always silly to me. I get the guy got in his bubble first, but that's just making your bubble bigger and making it hard for him to get out of it.
I don't know if it was out of innocence or showing he's not trying to get violent.
He was trying to make it look worse for the other guy and get in his head. Which he did and the other guy bought into. It was a mental game the whole way and Kobe just outplayed him with confidence.
He was asserting himself without technically getting into trouble.
I feel like the other guy should have pulled kobe's pants down or at least tickled him to show dominance.
That's what I got by watching the video. Both were being complete assholes
As others said - Kobe was baiting him. Barnes is a known hot-head and will do dirty shit. Kobe did enough within the rules of the game to bait Barnes in to reacting. All that contact Kobe was doing was perfectly legal but perhaps a bit stiff. Even the elbow he raised. As a dunker you aren't allowed to swing on the rim. Watch Barnes' angle of attack on the rim, he easily could have dropped straight down with no lateral motion. Instead, he swung his hips and made contact with Kobe. At that point he was trying to bait Kobe in to reacting but as Mike Breen said in the broadcast - you aren't going to get in to Kobe's head. There was no foul called on either of them in this exchange, which is the right call because it was just posturing, but Howard chirped at the ref and probably used vulgarity which is a tech 100% of the time. But anyway - I'm a Celtics fan and at this time would talk shit on Kobe every chance I got but Barnes was definitely at fault for all of this.
A but, but all pretty minor I think. The elbow after the dunk to me just looks like it's to protect himself from getting landed on. Noting too aggressive really.
He doesn't "elbow him". He protects himself from the impact of Barnes, as he's diving towards him. He did kinda needlessly push him in the abdomen right before that though. All of this is a non issue though, it's all well within the normal mental fight in the game. I remember my little brother, who is the most docile guy ever in normal life, would do the most horrid things on the court. We'd always see some opponent very suddenly get super angry with him, with nothing being seen before. One time a guy took a swing at him out of nowhere and the ref immediately threw that guy out. The dude then runs at the judge throwing off his shirt, and underneath he was red in a long line all the way up his side, bleeding a little bit in one place. My brother had perfected the art of pinching peoples sides really hard when fighting in the paint, which is basically invisible to the ref. He genuinely didn't understand the guy was angry and tried to apologize to him after the game saying "i thought we where just playing". Ofc that's much worse that what happened here, but i offer it just to say this: depending on the sporting environment you train in, you just get a standard for what's really "allowed". And it definitely isn't from the rulebook of the sport you're playing - it's expected to take into consideration what refs see and maximize advantage under those circumstances.
lol what, pinching people in basketball is a dick move. Way different than putting some back into a defense
Hell yeah. Sports at the professional level involves intimidating your opponent. No one was going to intimidate Kobe.
Kobe was being passive aggressive because he knew it would get his opponent in the wrong place mentally. He did this often, but a lot of the great ones did this. If they saw their opponent as mentally weak, they’d exploit it. Jordan made a career of it. Hell, that’s who Kobe learned it from.
Yeah but Kobe Bryant is a household name and he didnt flinch from the fake pass.
Legends say that Kobe didn't flinch is because the ball flinched.
Heroes come and go Legends lives forever.
The ball doesn't actually go near his face. It's a bad angle
Actually this whole debate of whether the ball was near his face was debunked because the initial overhead screenshot was misleading and didn’t show Barnes fully extending his arms. In that misleading screenshot he was still holding the ball close to himself. In the overhead video, you can clearly see the ball get really close to Kobe’s face. Not to mention that Matt Barnes himself responded to this debate and said he 100% did fake the ball right to Kobe’s face and called this whole debate “dead”.
Came to say exactly this. Mad respect to Kobe and his composure as a player and a person. RIP
the one gif of the fake pass shows everything you need to know about the kind of character kobe had. he was unflappable
This is the only version I'll ever remember https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_U776PRCC0
This is the REAL version right here!
???
I have a vague memory of ‘Kobe Bryant is a gangsta’ being uploaded by username: KobeBryantIsAGangsta or something like that... this video of course being the only upload.
This is amazing hahaha
My fav Kobe moment. Unshakable confidence. RIP legend
[deleted]
The man had ice water running through his veins.
It's knowing there is no way in hell Barnes would ever in a million years actually do that to him. Maybe to someone else, but not to him. Barnes knows it'd be the end of his days so blinking is not even a concern.
Yeah but still, it's involuntary to flinch. It's mind boggling to me.
I like theory that Kobe actually just has incredible slow reflexes and didn't see the ball coming
Sloth reflexes. He flinched an hour later in the locker room while taking a shower.
So that's why he always started practicing hours before the rest of the team!
That’s why defenses couldn’t touch him. He was always playing the game from the night before.
Weirdest X-Men power
Ha  ha
That’s why he gets up early and practices more than anyone else, to build that muscle memory to make up for his slow reflexes
This is a fucking hilarious comment
Dat sloth mentality. Got dang if I haven't been crying on and off for the last 8 hours.
Mamba.
Mamba
Mamba
It's also a thing fighters do as well like when someone is punching them (or trying to) and they can't just flinch and make a stupid face. If I had to speculate tho Kobe knew he wouldn't do it (as said above) and for sure knew he couldn't let someone like Barnes make him flinch. Kobe knew he either had to get hit by the ball or call the bluff. Man was a fucking legend and will forever be remembered as such by me.
No but like, it was so fast he wouldn't have been able to think about it. His lizard brain would have been thinking "you're about to be hit in the face, close your eyes" before he had a chance to actually react. What's crazy is that he was so confident, he didn't even have the subconscious self-preservation instinct to flinch. That goes beyond confidence.
He was a legend. He was humble but knew how good he was. stuff like that stays with you, he was just confident. Pure confidence, incredible at staying calm, cool
I don't think humble is a word most would use about Kobe Bryant. You can say what you like about him being a great player and mentor (he was), but let's not make stuff up just because he's no longer with us.
Lol right? I saw the word humble and verbally said “wtf?” To myself
Think about it. He's standing right in his face after all that conflict while he's holding the ball. He probably was considering it a possibility he'd either try to do it or fake it.
I've had rate moments like this where all my brain cells fired just right and, despite being mostly luck, I exuded confidence while making it look like I had some crazy skill. Truth is, I had just happened to roll the correct number on the cosmic dice and it was mostly just by chance that I was so prepared with the correct response. Not saying Kobe wasn't awesome, buy I think this is what's happening to Kobe in this video.60% of it is probably confidence. 40% of it is probably luck.
It's not whether you know. I can assure you I won't hit you but you'd likely still flinch.
Watch it closely: he shifts his stance a bit and turns his head to the right while making it look like a nonchalant shift of his weight to his left foot, he's not looking directly at the ball, which might provoke an involuntary reaction like a blink or flinch. It's exactly like what he does the other two times he gets fouled in the OP clip: shift weight to left foot, look away to the right, stay calm. Only difference between the other two times and the fake pass is with the first two fouls the aggression persisted long enough for him to slowly put his hands up into the air.
Adrenaline is one hell of a drug.
It's not involuntary in all situations. You can force yourself not to flinch with tension or just knowing it's coming. Think of all the kids that played the whole '2 for flinching' thing in school. You think every single time someone fake swung that the victim always flinched?
But the flinch is involuntary. Look at this video of Nate Diaz making Conor flinch hard. Conor knows that Nate can't touch him before the fight. It's just involuntary. And it's not like Conor is a punk bitch either. He trains getting punched in the face. Even Dana flinched, and he knows no one can touch his ass. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ_54ScD9BA Kobe is just something else.
To be fair with Conor it could be as much muscle memory, his whole thing is reacting lightning quick to dodge a strike and then land a left of his own
I literally cackled at work for five minutes straight just replaying that watching Dana flinch.
It's almost like, yea go ahead do it...I'll get you after
I'm not sure you know Matt Barnes. When you say I wish a motha fucka would he is definitely that motha fucka that would.
Got a little emotional at the end?
It's also having had it done to you countless times as a kid.
This the same Matt barnes who drove to derek fishers house to beat his ass. Not sure you know who he is...
Not sure you know the difference between Derek Fisher and Kobe lol
I know Matt barnes is from the hood. And I also know derek Fisher was 6'1 200 pounds and regarded as the strongest point gaurd in the league for years... Quit acting like you know anything about those late 2000s Lakers bro...
Lmao. Yes having muscle makes you scary.. How bout you just stick to ball in hoop and stop googling so much. Oh wait. Do you have muscles. Should I be scared ?
Lol are you retarded?
Not to diminish the man but I think there are times when you're pushing yourself physically the flinch response gets harder to trigger. At least that's been the case with me personally when I've been doing something and sweating my balls off and something like a car backfiring would normally make me jump but my body was like, "yeah I can't be bothered right now."
No you're absolutely right. I play semi-amateur Rugby (as in I get payed a little) and there are many many times where you don't flinch in a situation where you would in regular life. However i'd relate it (in a sports setting) less to "I can't be bothered right now", and more to "i'm way too focused on beating my opponent right now".
Played rugby in highschool. Can totally agree with this assesment
Played rugby in high school too. My back hurts.
Didn't do shit in high school. My back still hurts.
Thanks man i need the laugh
Careful, that can hurt your back.
I played catcher in little league baseball. My knee bothers me sometimes.
I played catcher in a few adult films. My ass hurts.
Buster Posey!?
For me it's my shoulder, but I was a shit tackler
Played lots of MTG in highschool and I too can agree with this assessment.
Mine would probably be "I'm too tired to react".
I agree, I have definitely been taunted while playing sports and I just forget to flinch
This for sure.
His quote after the game was ice cold too. A reporter asked, "how could you not even blink when he did that?" And Kobe's response was, "Why should I?" Like the motherfucker could control his own reflexes or some shit.
This is what a normal person like myself won't understand. Those reflexes can't be controlled. That why they're just that: reflexes. I can't even imagine that.
I'm 100% sure that this is not the first time someone had pass faked at Bryant's face if he'd been playing basketball since he was a young kid. He very well may have suspected it if he thought Barnes was just going to troll him for the whole game.
100% you know this isn't the first time Kobe has had someone pissed off at him on the court. He knew what was coming and didn't let him get in his head. I think he just focused on something else like his chewing gum during those moments.
This. People are acting like he wouldn't have time to think this all through while the ball is coming at him. He didn't need to, he already prepared himself for the possibility way before the moment came.
Tbh probably spacing out hard as shit. Those TV timeouts can last a while. RIP though, shit doesn't feel real yet
kobe bryant was never real he is just a figment of my imagination just like you and everyone else on the internet
Yeah, you're right sorry
Solipsism is a hell of a drug...
I think you have to look at it from the other angle. I remember seeing something where they broke it down and it’s not exactly as it appears.
Start the OP video at ~40sec. It shows top down view and then a side view afterward. It looks exactly as it seems.
Yeah Kobe is going to his left as Barnes is pump faking to his own left... The video everyone sees makes it look like he’s doing it right to his face and he’s not
Yeah I loved Bryant but the fake was at his shoulder at best. Regardless his mental toughness was unquestioned and his drive was second to none.
Lol this is so false watch the video again at 2:23 the ball was an inch from his face.
Yeah. I flinch at videos where something flies towards the screen fast.
/r/dontflinch
I feel like wasn't even concious of barnes' hands. He was looking at his shoulder or something, when you're guarding the inbounder it's not like you can deflect the ball, you just have to wait till they inbound then know which way they're going to go. I miss Matt Barnes on the magic. His last year there was so crazy, he got served divorce papers during halftime at a game, his wife was on baller wives, it was a time and a half. And then we had Gilbert arenas, it was such a wonderful, dramatic time.
Brandon Ingram blocked an inbound pass 4 times in a row. https://youtu.be/lS3bOOj-InA
It is the great kobe but I mean I've done this on accident, could be that too.
This was not an accident. Kobe was ruthless on the court. There is an interview with Kobe when he was playing against Jordan. Before the game, someone told him don't look into Jordan's eyes. Kobe was like, "Why? I'm the same as him. Don't look into my eyes." He was an absolute monster. I loved Kobe so much. I was a kid during the Jordan era and loved it, but I didn't really get into ball until the Kobe dynasty because of his attitude towards being the best. Watch his highlights. This is business as usual for Kobe.
It's a perspective thing unfortunately :( https://youtu.be/hX2bdMz8pjw
They make a big deal out of it but it wasn't like he was far off and Barnes moved super fast, that was still in front of him
Plus Barnes himself thought all of that hindsight pedantry was just bullshit.
Biggest point about this, yes. Everyone at the time took it the way we originally did and people involved subsequently stuck to the story.
That overhead photo that supposedly proves it wasn't at his face is a lie. Here's the photo: https://i.imgur.com/cRYwYfP.png The thing is that photo/screenshot is from after the pump fake. Notice where Kobe's head is in relation to the A in MAGIC on the floor. Now here are some actual screen grabs from the overhead video. This one is before the fake. Again, notice where Kobe's head is in relation to the A. https://i.imgur.com/8389c3C.png Kobe is in the process of swaying to his left. Here's where the ball gets closest to his face a split second later mid-fake. The ball is very close to his face, and it definitely would have hit his face if it wasn't a fake. https://i.imgur.com/smLv6h6.png Now here's immediately after the fake. Notice where Kobe's head is now in relation to the A. This is when the photo was taken that supposed disproves that the fake was at Kobe's face. https://i.imgur.com/CBTOYI0.png TLDR, Kobe was a gangsta.
That was literally right in his face. Yeah he was already moving away but we knew that from the original angle I sure don't need to pump between your eyes to get a reaction
Barnes literally said something to the effect of no you fucking idiots, that shit was right in his face and that psycho didn't move at all
This doesn’t ruin anything? Sure it’s not right between the eyes but it’s still .5 inches from his face
Around 1cm exactly
No it’s not stop spreading misinformation.
i've done it a few times before, other times i flinch easily. honestly it's just your mindset, how in the zone you are, and he was an experienced NBA player so...he's familiar.
The ball doesn’t actually go right in front of your face. If you look at the camera angle from above the ball doesn’t come close to his face. Google the alternate angle and you will see.
https://i.imgur.com/smLv6h6.png Looks pretty close to me. https://old.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/eueybw/kobe_bryant_doesnt_flinch_when_matt_barnes_fakes/ffrnxrm/
So here is that camera angle. It's still right in his face. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC8w_q4E0LQ
Some people just aren't wired that way. He probably doesn't startle easily in general. Take something everybody knows, for example jump scares in movies - these never work on me. Unless I'm already on edge and believe I'm at risk or in danger, I simply observe sudden events happening and don't react unless I need to. I assure you my reaction speed itself is good. He's playing a pro game, he is the zone, he doesn't have any need to fear for his personal safety.
The answer is, if you play long enough, you 1) recognize a pass fake, and 2) more importantly, have been hit with enough balls in the face to not care. A boxer will take a literal fist to the face, and taunt their opponent. It's not advisable to leave your guard down, but people do it. Sometimes, they even lower their forehead, and hurt their opponent's hand.
Yup. My neighbor would try this shit with me when I was a kid. You wise up real quick
There have been plenty of times that I haven't flinched at something like that. It's not ice water, or any other explanation except that I didn't happen to react that time. Maybe it was TOO fast.
There’s an overhead angle that you can find with some googling that shows that he isn’t standing directly in front of him.. still very close but not as in his face as this video makes it seem
The answer is that the fake is actually nowhere near his head; it's a deceptive camera angle. https://ftw.usatoday.com/2018/10/kobe-bryant-lakers-matt-barnes-flinch-gif-ruined-lies-new-video/amp
No the answer is it actually was right in his face. Matt Barnes even admits it.
What a shitty site and what a shitty video quality. It does show the opposite of what the site and you try to claim though, it's right in his face.
It's still very close to his face lol
Something similar happened to me in my early 20s. A coworker and I were half-joking/half-serious talking shit to each other and he took a fake swing at me. I didn't even blink...because right before he swung I had glanced in the other direction and wasn't paying attention. I looked somewhere else for a moment and then there's just a fist next to my face. He was like "Damn, boy, didn't even flinch. I like it" when in reality I'd have done a combat dive out the window if I'd seen him winding up.
Yeah but Kobe wanted Barnes to stay in the game and get punked so bad that he had to keep cool. He knew if he flinched Barnes would be gone for that
Condescension and annoyance. He knows Barnes can't do anything, and if he did that would be quite something.
Loads of experience dealing with that type of thing growing up and playing ball + everything else.
Adrenaline can do a lot for you
Look at his body language through all the interactions, Kobe is taunting him. Kobe didn't flinch, because he knew it was coming he wanted Barnes to do it. Look at his positioning its not a defensive position his arms are by his side, hes been in Barnes head pushing him to the limit all game and now he gives him an opportunity to strike. Of course Barnes was going to take it, but Barnes isn't stupid enough to end his career he pump fakes to show Kobe he could have had him, not knowing Kobe wanted the foul all along.
What if he wasn’t paying attention?
Idk not everybody flinches. Some people freeze
Pure internalized "I wish you would."
Yeah if someone ever did this to me it'd make a complete fool out of me. I'd probably not just flinch, but jump backwards and roll onto the ground like an idiot.
Same thing has probably happened to him hundreds of times, got used to it.
I will get downvoted for this, but if you watch the gangster video someone else linked, I think there is a blink (left eye does a small twitch) but no flinch or slip. Edit: not that it means anything
You gotta factor in adrenaline & experience.
It is perspective. There is a video of a different angle of the same play and the ball wasn't on his face
This is false. The video you’re talking about clearly shows Kobe was right in front of the ball, and everybody that was there—including Matt Barnes—says he was.
Woah woah woah we gotta calm ourselves. We need the reddit detectives to go frame by frame. How can we take Matt Barnes word on this? There’s no evidence he was ever there.
@2:23 https://youtu.be/aYLR4BcX7Rg explain to me how it’s off
Looks pretty close to me https://i.imgur.com/bTGlq20.jpg
Holy fucking shit. Kobe was a straight baller :(
Kobe is laughing at this thread RIGHT NOW!
Considering actually doing that would be career ending, Kobe knew that there would be no reason to try and flinch as it would never happen.
The only way I can reason it is if he was, in that very moment, not paying attention. I know he's looking right at him, but I know that when I'm tired and exhausted I have momentary lapses of focus, even if it looks like I'm paying attention. It's like my brain just blips out for a second. Maybe he knew he had a second to blip out while they recover the ball and get ready to throw it in. Or he's just so damn used to people trying to fake him out he is just over it and is a stone cold, unphased motherfucker.
100%. Kobe was cold as ice. Mamba forever.
What a fucking G.
This is THE video to show someone what the mamba mentality is. fucking cold blooded
It's the camera angle it wasn't right in his face
Debunked
Same. I always think of this and go, God damn. Didn't even blink.
Hate to be that guy, but this video is a lie, Barnes was a few feet away from Bryant, I’ve seen it from birds eye view he wasn’t close to Barnes it was just a fake inbound pass
I also like when he ignored Chris Rock.
When you know the game so well your senses operate on a different level.
Matt Barnes talked about that on his podcast that he has with Stephen Jackson. Him and Jack have a really good podcast for NBA fans https://youtu.be/YVJ5UiHpZl0?t=133
M talk k m l lmu L M Um
[deleted]
Power move chewing gum. The head cow is always grazing.
Chewing gum helps relieve anxiety
He’s clearly riffing. CAN HE RIFF?!
Mitochondria are the powerhouse of the cell.
Finally someone acknowledging the plural!
Might explain that weird confidence I get when chewing gum
The head cow is always grazing his neck is high too.
Art of the deal, bro!
art of the deal, art of the deal.
I trust you. I trust you.
Yeah but good god I seriously think I would choke immediately if I was running around like that with gum in my mouth.
I can hear his chewing all the way from the other room
Head cow?
Always sunny
Thanks!
He's always grazing
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia :D
"That was the play of the game"
Thank god JVG was there doing the commentary to say something, most announcers would have just ignored it
Idk i bet Kevin Harlan would’ve made it even more exciting
“Kobe Bryant just cuck fucked Matt Barnes into the shadow realm” - Kevin Harlan
Kevin is the best out there
He's entertaining. Nice to hear some real talk.
I've seen the clip where Kobe doesn't flinch before, but I've never seen all the other nonsense that leads up to that. The part at :57 where Barns tries to flop and the ref just gives him the "what the fuck?" hands is hilarious.
Yeah that was one of my favorite parts. The ref basically goes, "You're kidding me with that flop, right? Go play ball"
Is it just me or does Barnes have a legitimate gripe about the double elbows thrown at one point?
After the dunk? Not really. He swings off the rim so he can come down on Kobe. If he drops straight down he's like 2 feet away.
What made Kobe so great is that he was cold blooded. Never lost composure
Black Mamba is a snake. Snakes are cold blooded. It's also one of the most deadly snakes on the planet. Perfect nickname for Kobe.
“He didn’ even flinch!!”
"Wha-Wha-Whaaaaa?! Pillow Fights!!!!"
Thought it was Jerry Seinfeld commentating for a couple seconds there.
You can't really see if he flinched tho from that angle..
what did kobe say about this and how he didn't react? Can they be so good at reading body language that he knew it was a fake? Or was he to pumped up to really notice? Was it just he was zoned at and it didn't register until it was over?
Reporters asked him why didn't he flinch and he replied, "why would I?"
good answer.
Bad question too
Ice cold. Wow.
Matt Barnes has a podcast called All The Smoke and Kobe was on as a guest earlier this year. They talked about this moment and it was pretty cool because Kobe started to respect Barnes because of this. Link to the whole thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3R3KIyEgCgc
Wow what a great interview! Thanks for the video :)
TLDL?
Anyone crazy enough to fuck with me is crazy enough to be my teammate. When Barnes was a free agent Kobe told the Lakers to sign him
The ultimate 'game recognizes game'
Hoes do, too
It’s at around the 24:30 mark.
Jump to 24:30 @ Referenced Video Channel Name: SHOWTIME Basketball, Video Popularity: 98.87%, Video Length: [39:56], Jump 5 secs earlier for context @24:25 Downvote me to delete malformed comments. Source Code | Suggestions
Nice, ended up watching the whole thing. The talk about the ball fake is at 25min
This should be higher up.
Really entraining podcast from Barnes and Jackson, great Kobe interview too, rip
Kobe is just Kobe. He's got a killer instinct that was matched by few and an intensity to be better each game. Also if you watch the clip from different angles it looks like Matt Barnes was faking an inbound pass instead of trying to fake it into Kobe's face. Still, Kobe is cold for that one.
The overhead angle is still pretty clearly at Kobe's face. He's swaying so it's not PERFECTLY lined up the whole time but it's clear what Barnes was doing and he's even talked about it before.
I remember him saying during an interview that after playing the guy so much, he knew the kind of player he was and and knew he was going to pull that move. I don't remember about what he said next about the not flinching part (because even knowing it's coming, it's difficult to prevent a reflex). If someone have a better memory of the interview, please share..
There’s going to be a lot of claims in these comments that it’s a perspective trick and another angle shows the ball was far from his face. It isn’t true. The other angle shows Kobe was right in front of the fake. Everybody that was there, including Barnes, says the fake was right at his face.
Even the alternate angle looks like it’s right in his face. I don’t know what these other people are seeing.
It first spread with a misleading screenshot and caption claiming the overhead angle showed Kobe wasn’t in front of him. I think a bunch of people just took it as faith. There’s also just a bunch of people on the internet that thrive on, “Well, actually...” commenting on everything. It’s pretty lame.
A contrarian who makes a point is ok. But the ones who just have to say something suck
Well, actually it is not lame.
It was probably 1 hater online who made a false claim because he didn't think it was impressive and the news picked it up as if it was a huge scandal.
Oh shit, I was thinking about being that guy in this thread, having seen the high-angle screenshots, but the actual video got me.
Matt Barnes and Kobe are friends. Good interview from two weeks ago about them reminiscing on the past. https://youtu.be/3R3KIyEgCgc
I mean...Barnes was trying to put it in his face from an arm's length away. How's he going to miss? Why would he pretend to do it? It not being real just doesn't make logical sense.
I think the trick is honestly that Barnes didn't break his wrists. If you want someone to flinch you break your wrist in the throw but you don't release. This is what you normally do when you pass, so if your brain doesn't see it it just triggers the motion as moving the ball around and not as a pass. Me and my brother would mess with each other all the time doing fake and not fake passes, the break was always the key and was insanely hard not to react to, even if you knew it would never happen.
Im sure TMZ is devasted by this scolding
[removed]
TMZ just made an apology post
South Park is one of the greatest shows of all time
South Park and the Simpsons re ground breaking TV shows that creepily enough predicted a lot of things that ended up happening in the future.
Couldn't agree more. Especially this past season, it was top notch.
Soon as u think it's going downhill they manage to get shit right
Agreed. Though Comedy Central loves to rerun that terrible 2015 season about the Dutch trolls or whatever where every episode was continuous. South Park works much better as stand alone episodes.
I was starting to give up on South Park. But this season was my favorite in at least the past decade
lmao except they absolutely won't apologize, this is their bread and butter.
Exactly. They don't give two fucks. Whatever makes them relevant.
I needed this
I love how the police chief doesn’t point any blame at the first responders who sold the information to TMZ. How does he think they got this information?
Considering TMZ is the paparazzi, meaning they stalk celebs, they probably had Kobe's helicopter tail number and were able to cross check info coming over police scanners as well as flight info, among a dozen other ways of knowing he was on that chopper. Edit: to those claiming first responders leaked this to TMZ, stop. That is highly unlikely especially given minor errors in TMZ's initial reporting.
Edit: to those claiming first responders leaked this to TMZ, stop. That is highly unlikely especially given minor errors in TMZ's initial reporting. I'd say it's pretty close to 100% certain that TMZ has "sources" at some level of the LAPD and other enforcement/first responder agencies, and it seems pretty likely they pay those sources. I'm sure they outwork other news agencies, but they're also first with celebrity news damn near every time. It's actually hard to see any other likely scenario.
I buy this. The paparazzi game is vicious so you bet your ass these people try to find connections that are willing to be paid off while maintaining their anonymity.
That's the only way they could have broken Michael Jackson's death before anyone else, too.
Kobe doesn’t own the helicopter. The company Island Express Helicopters does. His former pilot spoke about it. Kobe did use that particular one often but he did on occasion use a different one. Others have used this exact copter, not just Kobe. So I feel like it’s very possible a first responder leaked the info to TMZ/the media before the police chief could give his statement. Edit: and others have used this exact helicopter as well. In September Lorenzo Lamas from Falcon Crest posted a photo on Twitter with this helicopter. And just for the record people hate TMZ for being scum bags, not for reporting false news. Traditional media does not like them either because they engage in unsavory reporting tactics like “checkbook journalism” where they pay for sources. Major media outlets don’t do this because it is a bad look, TMZ doesn’t give a shit tho. They’re thorough but shady. https://www.thedailybeast.com/kobe-bryant-and-eight-others-crashed-in-a-helicopter-with-a-history-in-illinois-5 https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/kobe-bryants-helicopter-feels-like-a-limousine-but-had-strong-safety-record-nba-stars-former-pilot-said
Case in point
The obvious answer is that someone at Island Express contacted TMZ. They were the first to know that the copter went down and had the passenger manifest.
They probably knew it was his chopper, yes. But celebrities lend their helicopters and private jets to each other all the time Jay-Z is famous for doing so. Very little chance they knew who was on the Helicopter without an inside source. https://twitter.com/consequence/status/1088836234825396224?s=21 https://twitter.com/ladbible/status/913045010723074048?s=21 https://twitter.com/enews/status/451427847597355009?s=21 https://twitter.com/greenhousenyt/status/597100791095304193?s=21 https://twitter.com/breakthrudiva/status/1173508426443481088?s=21 https://twitter.com/cindyboren/status/635825083437744128?s=21 https://twitter.com/dimitrilascaris/status/1089556174880464896?s=21 https://twitter.com/nathancarterjr/status/8538723589?s=21 “this is true. When Stevie Ray Vaughn died, alot of people thought Clapton had died because it was the helicopter he frequently used.” - u/the9thdentist “Also Kylie Jenner just posted on her story how she would fly on this helicopter with this pilot https://i.imgur.com/7u20IFS.jpg” - u/statejudge
this is true. When Stevie Ray Vaughn died, alot of people thought Clapton had died because it was the helicopter he frequently used.
I can’t stop thinking about the similarities between SRV and Kobe. Both compared so often to the GOATS (MJ and Hendrix) with similar yet distinct styles, both passed in helicopter accidents. Both had insane work ethics and used more sheer will than 99% of people would put in (plus a lot of natural talent ) to rise to the top.
Stevie Ray Vaughn’s helicopter crashed in a hilly area that was under heavy fog, just like yesterday. Although, his crash was at night after a concert. He was the opener for Clapton.
I posted this eerie similarity in the guitar subreddit. Devastating. My two heroes giants of their respective careers and one of a kind talents.
They thought Clapton might have died because he was playing the same show and Vaughn was the opener:
and because Clapton frequented the use of a helicopter for travel.
Also Kylie Jenner just posted on her story how she would fly on this helicopter with this pilot https://i.imgur.com/7u20IFS.jpg
Lol..you're reaching. Celebrities, like Kobe, don't just lend their helicopters and jets to people. Not sure where you're getting that information, but as somebody who works with people like that...no, they don't "share" their private jets and helicopters. Especially when Kobe was in the LA Area commuting to the tournament via helicopter.
According to Kobe’s former pilot Kobe doesn’t own the helicopter, the company Island Express Helicopters owns it. So it may not have been used by him exclusively. https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/kobe-bryants-helicopter-feels-like-a-limousine-but-had-strong-safety-record-nba-stars-former-pilot-said
Most high profile athletes/entrepeneurs don't "own" their planes. They get a company to buy it for them, and pay for maintenance, etc, but the planes are used only by those guys. A friend is a pilot for a private plane owned by a company, that is exclusively used by his boss (which owns a 2B company).
Read the article. The pilot says Kobe used that particular helicopter often but not exclusively. This is not a traditional “sale leaseback” type arrangement with Kobe. This company truly owned the helicopter and others used it as well.... “In September, soap opera actor and pilot Lorenzo Lamas posted a picture with a helicopter bearing the same N-number, or a registration number given to aircraft, as the one that crashed Sunday....” https://www.thedailybeast.com/kobe-bryant-and-eight-others-crashed-in-a-helicopter-with-a-history-in-illinois-5
They CONFIRMED that nobody survived. You don't get that kind of information without being told by first responders.
Honestly looking at the crashsite would be enough to confirm no survivors.
So you think TMZ Is going to report Kobe died JUST based on the fact that it’s his helicopter? If so you’re absolutely delusional. TMZ would have firm confirmation before printing that story.
They really might have just sent someone up there. They have connections with people who work in air travel for sure, that's how they know who is coming into LAX and when. Maybe someone told them "hey a helicopter just went down in Calabasas." That's Kardashian country, lots of famous people there, decent chance it was someone important. They could have gotten a person on the scene who lived close by, just looking like a concerned citizen, and figured things out like the tail number, or company that owned it, and pressed or paid them for who was on the chopper. Then all they'd have to do is hear "no survivors" at the scene and they've got reasonable confirmation. Also, it's morbid, but it's worth pointing out that it's very likely the bodies were not in good enough condition to even identify visually. A helicopter explosion with 9 people in it, that's still on fire, is going to mess up a body. Unless Kobe was miraculously killed in a way that preserved his face perfectly, it's possible first responders didn't even know who it was.
Where do you guys get this shit? Even rich people don’t outright own their choppers or planes. They’re through share programs or charters a vast majority of the time. Only truly fuck you rich people can and will buy their own personal chopper or plane. They share “their” choppers all the time. Most setups have your jet sitting in an active pool for anyone to use when you’re not using it, and giving you “credits” to make use of anything in the fleet if your specific plane isn’t around. That’s how it’s usually done for a vast majority of owners.
Kobe used to own it...after his playing days he sold it.
My pole vault coach was Tinker Hatfield, the dude from Nike who designed the most famous Air Jordan shoes. In 2013 he missed out on practice one day to meet with Kobe in LA. Tinker told me he was going to be late for his flight so Kobe called his helicopter to help get him to LAX on time. So yes, Kobe absolutely did lend out his helicopter to friends and business partners.
The helicopter is a lease from a private company. Lorenzo Llamas (Falcon's Crest) was piloting it just last year.
They probably knew it was his chopper, yes. But celebrities lend their helicopters and private jets to each other all the time Jay-Z is famous for doing so. Very little chance they knew who was on the Helicopter without an inside source. https://twitter.com/consequence/status/1088836234825396224?s=21 https://twitter.com/ladbible/status/913045010723074048?s=21 https://twitter.com/enews/status/451427847597355009?s=21 https://twitter.com/greenhousenyt/status/597100791095304193?s=21 https://twitter.com/breakthrudiva/status/1173508426443481088?s=21 https://twitter.com/cindyboren/status/635825083437744128?s=21 https://twitter.com/dimitrilascaris/status/1089556174880464896?s=21 https://twitter.com/nathancarterjr/status/8538723589?s=21
Kylie Jenner just posted how she would take this exact helicopter with this exact pilot... https://i.imgur.com/7u20IFS.jpg
How are you getting upvotes when the other guy provided an example of someone sharing their helicopter, Jay-Z, and theres even a comment from Kylie Jenner saying she used the same pilot and helicopter.
Hey wtf happened below you??
TMZ is for whatever reason really good at breaking stories. They pay for info so usually have accurate info before anyone else. They wouldn't have been stalking kobe In this instance (Kobe on helicopters is normal) but as soon as there is a crash TMZ would be offering cash. And first responders likley know this.
Edit: to those claiming first responders leaked this to TMZ, stop to those who think i might be wrong, stop saying i might be wrong
There's no source or evidence that first responders leaked this, so I don't see the issue with saying people shouldn't claim that as objective fact, which people are doing. The person you are replying to isn't saying people shouldn't disagree, they are condemning those spreading unverified information, which is inflammatory because it makes a claim of blame (and some redditors historically take such things and run with it til its a witch hunt), and acting as if that information is immutable fact.
but its all spectulation at this point. dudes' saying "no im right and stop saying i might be wrong"
I heard on a reporter on Ryan Seacrest this morning that a law enforcement employee was their source.
First I'm hearing of that; thank you! I'll look into that source, see if I can find more on it.
um ok....
If you think first responders responding to an accident like this would even be thinking about TMZ, let alone leaking to them, then you're clearly a moron.
First responders are people just like you and me. They perform a valuable service, but that doesn't make them immune to greed and the chance to make a quick, easy buck. That doesn't mean they did in this instance, but they're some kinda saints who are beyond reproach. People are people, in every job. In LA, for instance, cops and firefighters have been running workers comp scams for decades. A culture of workers’ comp abuse at the LAPD and LAFD L.A. firefighter busted for MMA fights while on workers comp LAPD Officer Charged With Workers’ Comp Fraud
No reason to blame first responders when we don't know who leaked it, but this is taking it to the other extreme...there's no reason to insinuate that it's impossible for a first responder to leak info.
[deleted]
What minor errors?
You have to be an idiot if you don’t think first responders or people in the LAPD leaked this info.... why you think you’re opinion matters more than logic is mind blowing. Edit: Ah you live on r/Politics it all makes sense now. The whole I’m right you’re wrong view. Grow up kid.
Unless a TMZ reporter actually saw Kobe get into that Helicopter, I highly doubt that TMZ would have reported Kobe's death without an inside source. Considering that they only managed to report Kobe's death and not that of his daughter or the number of passengers right away leads me to believe that a reporter was probably stalking Kobe that morning because an insider would have given them more details.
I wish this comment could be stickied.
Scanners. No one had to sell anything.
I don’t think it would’ve been first responders. If anything it was someone with air traffic control or the company that owns the helicopter.
Thank you for making me laugh today
https://youtu.be/WBcYXbcYemo?t=2
ESPN, Nike’s reaction to this too
I don't need to click to know its the money tears gif.
They've probably already quantified how much they make from "scolding impressions".
Devastated all the way to the bank
it says it right in the article they did the same shit for MJ, Whitney and Prince They don't give a fuck Fuck TMZ
I’m sorry their job is to report the news. They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. They did their jobs. It’s unfortunate as hell though.
Holding onto news is not uncommon for news organizations if it’s requested or if it is the ethical thing to do. TMZ is just obsessed with being first. And imagine if friends or family read their original report where they said he was survived by his wife and 4 daughters, only to learn later that Gigi also died. TMZ is pure tabloid trash and I hate how much respect they earn just for breaking things quickly even though they’re unethical as fuck. There is a reason they always break things first, they aren’t any smarter or better than big outlets, they just don’t have the same journalistic standards.
TMZ was right though. Why are we shitting on TMZ when a ton of other arguably more reputable outlets posted FAKE reports concerning the crash victims in an attempt to be first? Hell, during the Pro Bowl they said all of his daughters were believed to have been on board.
TMZ was wrong that all of his daughters survived. And they didn’t say, “believed to have been,” still irresponsible for the Pro Bowl commentators to even mention an unconfirmed rumor, but TMZ stated that he was survived by his wife and 4 daughters. Also, any other news orgs transgressions don’t negate TMZ’s.
[deleted]
Yes they did. They said that he’s survived by his wife and 4 daughters in the initial report. Maybe that was just them mentioning the fact that he had a wife and 4 daughters, but by saying “survived by,” they implied that all of his daughters were still alive.
Which reputable outlets posted fake reports? I only saw one local reporter say on air that all his daughters were on board
Multiple outlets reported Rick Fox was onboard.
I'm on the fence on this. What's seen can't be unseen (at least for the Kobe Case) It's a chopper crashing, no chance of survival and it's not like there was few people aware of it, the whole academy was waiting for them. This could have been leaked by way too many people on social media and this also means plenty of people who could have beaten TMZ to it specially with the Police likely trying to send a road car to their house(ironically why Kobe always took the chopper). TMZ's first goal was to beat mainstream media to the hour with the 24h internet page, now they need to also beat social media to the minute so they can't wait this long. At least TMZ checked their sources and didn't mention Gianna or the other passengers.
You may be correct that TMZ needed to do this to be first. But that doesn't make it right.
Business and morals don’t mix
TMZ isn't trying to be as reputable as BBC or AL Jazeera. They have a good network of legit sources all up California and being quoted by Social media AND Big news outlet is all that seems right to them. In other words, it is wrong. But if this is not for you, There is CNN, ABC, PBS, ESPN, NBC, FOX,BBC, AL JAZEERA, Sports Illustrated and the whole flock of outlets who aggregated TMZ's report and better yet, waited until the press release. I know this is not for me so I'm not in this line of business.
the whole academy was waiting for them. And yet there were 9 people on board (no where close to what was initially reported by everyone), there were reports of his whole family on board, Rick Fox. They also didn't get the teammate/her dad/her mom correct or the other basketball coach who were part of the camp. TMZ got it more right than most, but still wasn't fully on target.
It’s not TMZ’s job. It’s literally every media news outlets job to be first. I’d find it hard to believe all other outlets would have sat on this. It’s a systemic issue. Saying Fuck TMZ isn’t going to fix this. They didn’t handle this right but this is not exclusive to TMZ.
The way I see it, TMZ was sort of a precursor to 24h breaking news (celebrity wide) at around the first peak of TMZ, you would get a couple paragraph and exclusive video/pictures up to 2h before it started braking in TV. With the way social media live make anyone go viral (and $$$)over the breaking pic and then footage, TMZ is stuck between official media outlets who can sit on the news and make their views of related content(more reports, Kobe's legacy, testimonies, reactions and more) and social media viral posts. ESPN is already making money interviewing NBA players(T-Mac interview was gut wrenching), the sports talks, the update articles, his 60pt game airing tonight and more. other outlets will also use their archives to make more content. TMZ only has this to bring more traffic. I also suspect TMZ voluntarily only named Kobe because the family was not notified and reporting on Gianna or " being survived by 3 daughters"would bring a lot more criticism to TMZ (and make it obvious a daughter was in the crash).
ABC is just as guilty of racing for clicks by airing a completely unsubstantiated report that all four daughters had died as well. Where's the hate for them?
And imagine if friends or family read their original report where they said he was survived by his wife and 4 daughters But also imagine getting messages from people about rumors on Twitter that haven't been confirmed by anyone. You're hearing that Kobe died but you can't find any reliable information. You're calling Kobe's cell and there is no answer, you're calling Gigi too and nothing. You just know that a helicopter crashed and you can't get a hold of loved ones that might have been involved. There is no easy way to lose multiple members of your family. There will always be pain and heartbreak. Had TMZ been wrong, they would have inflicted pain that was completely unnecessary, but they got it right. I don't know that waiting around, hearing only unconfirmed rumors, and waiting for the Los Angeles County Sheriff office to confirm is any easier on his wife and surviving daughters. So, like I said, there is pain no matter how the news is given to the family. TMZ operates on their own ethical code different from many other media outlets, but they were correct here and I don't really see how making family members wait for an official confirmation from authorities would have made it any easier.
Yeah I'm not buying that excuse, and don't try and spin it like TMZ did this for any reason other than to generate cash. The families would have dealt with it the same way 99.9% of people who have suffered through this kind of loss deal with it. By getting verified truth from first responders or family members. Yes it takes longer and yes the waiting can be agony, but that's better than finding out because your friend from college shared an article on Facebook.
[deleted]
Yes.. Be real. No one was sitting on that story. It's just not happening.
Most stations knew of Bin Laden's death but waited until Obama announced it himself.
I remember every news station saying Bin laden was thought to be dead, and that's why Obama was speaking. They didnt straight up say he was, but pretty much made it clear he was.
Check out Stewart's coverage of it. Starting aroudn 3:00 http://www.cc.com/video-clips/cz975a/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-big-deady They don't mention Bin Laden at all and let Obama tell everything. So news definitely will and can hold back news they know about when necessary.
No, it’s because everybody knows who to call to get paid when they have information on celebrities. Trust me, I detest the state of America’s top news organizations, which is why it takes a special kind of turd to be worse than them.
[deleted]
Gossip that is true is news though.
TMZ is highly unethical but also highly effective. Most media companies have a policy against paying for sources as to not incur a conflict of interest. TMZ has no such policy. After the NFL suspended Ray Rice for 2 games for hitting his girlfriend, TMZ leaked security footage of the incident months later revealing that Rice actually knocked her out in an elevator and then dragged her into a hotel room. The footage led the Ravens to cut him immediately, permanently. For better or for worse, TMZ is a force in entertainment journalism.
Exactly. They will pay sources and run information before its corroborated. And they’re usually right because they vet their sources. Problem is, even vetted sources can be wrong. That’s why you’re supposed to confirm the information with other sources. But TMZ doesn’t wait for that, they don’t care about truth, only being first.
It’s unethical, it’s fucked, but considering how much TMZ benefits from breaking the story I really don’t blame them because as a business of course that’s what they’re going to do. Scolding them is perhaps justified but I wouldn’t expect them to act differently
Let's be real. If they hand't reported it some other brand would have.
Newsroom on hbo kind of touched on this on a few episodes. They had source tell them something may have happened. But the producers decided to not announce anything. Until the source was confirmed. While they were waiting all these other news outlets started reporting it. Pressured by hire ups. They announced the same news only later finding out all outlets were wrong including them. Then they had to apologize. And drama continues. Otherwise. Yeah. News today is all,about being the first one to tell people now. It doesn’t matter how accurate. It’s about being first. It’s kind of sad even in group messages it’s now become a race between us who tells everyone else about certain news. Yesterday when hearing about the crash I was just hoping an spraying all these outlets were wrong and hopefully it’s all a hoax.
yall really dont know about buddy holly theres procedure to this shit for a reason
I don’t know about that situation. Please enlighten me.
Holly's mother and wife both found on out the TV news. His mother passed out from shock; his wife allegedly had a miscarriage from the stress.
I can't believe people are here fucking defending TMZ.. ya'll are atrocious (not you). Could you fucking imagine wondering if your husband died because of social media? Do you not comprehend how different that is than being broken the news by the police in person (who would appropriately be able to manage their (potentially physically broken) reaction as best they can)? People acting like that unknown tension is somehow insignificant, that's exactly what leads to panic attacks etc. I guarantee you the first thing the police would have told the Bryant's would be to turn OFF social media. That's a husband and a father to them, not some public idol. They wouldn't want to see every single person talking about Kobe - that's days/weeks/months later. They would need to grieve their loss on their own - especially considering how polarizing Kobe was & is.
According to Wikipedia, Buddy Holly’s pregnant wife learned of her husband’s passing via a news report and suffered a miscarriage shortly after reportedly due to “physiological trauma”.
Would she have been fine with the death if police told her the news? I feel like that’s traumatizing news regardless of where it comes from.
my guess is they are alot more tactful and sensitive rather seeing the news with "BUDDY HOLLY IS DEAD" as a headline or something
It just seems medically dubious to me to blame a miscarriage on something like hearing about a death on the news vs from an officer.
how the message is delivered absolutely effects how you process it
hearing that news is pretty traumatic I'd imagine. suffering trauma in any form I'd imagine can't be good for a pregnancy.
After Buddy Holly’s death, his pregnant wife found out about it through the television reports. Shortly after she suffered a miscarriage, said to be due to psychological trauma.
Buddy Holly's wife found out about his death through the television and she became so distressed she had a miscarriage. It became policy for the police to wait to release the names of people to the media in accidents and crimes until after they have notified the family members. What TMZ is doing comes down to an unethical circumvention of that policy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Day_the_Music_Died#Aftermath
[deleted]
Well yeah, we’re not talking about how the government should take action against them, just saying that they’re unethical scumbags who would do anything to break a story first. Just because it’s legal doesn’t mean people shouldn’t criticize it.
I hate modern business where organisations are literally frowned upon for not doing unethical things because they make more money. Every time someone says we don't need x regulation some rich asshole is right there waiting to exploit a rollback.
Buddy's wife (and also his mother, and other members of his family) found out about his death on television. She apparently suffered a miscarriage the next day (wikipedia says there's no independent source to verify that) but still, the point stands that his family found out about it on the news, and since then rules were put in place to make sure all family is notified before any official statement is released. I don't know why people think they are entitled to know these things before the family. I'm sure everyone would ask for the same if it was their family.
Exactly. The Buddy Holly situation actually cost lives. This isn't just about "etiquette" or "doing their job," people have died because of this kind of reporting and there is standard procedure they should follow.
No it didn’t.
Whose life was lost?
[deleted]
If don't nobody else gets the reference, know that I do
They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. They literally could and this sort of thing happens all the time.
It’s called being respectful lol
Just because they're a business, it's not unreasonable for the public to want them to perform their jobs with some human decency.
They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. yes they can and should.
The thing is, their information wasn’t accurate. They first reported that Kobe died and none of the girls were on board/died. They also reported five people when it was 9. So friends of the Kobe family, and family members of the people on the helicopter, were now having to work out whether they’re loved ones had died, because clearly the information wasn’t accurate. It wasn’t until the police report came out that it was known it was 9 people...
You are confusing what TMZ reported with what other news sources reported. TMZ at first said Kobe died and Vanessa wasn’t on board.
That's been the case since yesterday. Apparently TMZ is getting the credit for what EVERYONE reported. It wasn't TMZ that said all 4 of his daughters died on live TV in the fucking pro bowl, that was ABC. Where is THEIR scolding sherrif?
They also reported five people when it was 9. If that's the criticism, then it applies to everyone. CBS, NBC, ABC/ESPN, Spectrum SportsNet (the Lakers' channel in LA), CNN, Fox News, and MSNBC were all reporting 5 dead. So did 710AM (ESPN/Lakers) and 570AM (Fox Sports) on local sports radio. Heck, ABC and 570AM both reported the 5 that died were Kobe and his 4 daughters. It wasn't updated to 9 deaths until hours later. So literally everyone's information was inaccurate in those hours in between, not just TMZ's.
TMZ didn't state that none of the girls were on board, but they had a generic note that is often left for the deceased like "x person is survived by ..." prior to that they mentioned there were others yet to be identified on board. This was also the information that other news organizations had. Having seen CNN, fox news etc break news it's kind of the nature of breaking news for it to not be 100% accurate.
they sure can sit on it. It happens all the time in the media.
Because we all know tabloid making money is more important than a victim’s families getting informed first ? What kind of reasoning is that? I’m sure tmz appreciates you justifying their bs
They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet Well they can, they just don’t stand to make as much money from it. I’m sorry their job is to report the news. A huge amount of suffering in the world is caused by people doing stuff everyone knows is immoral but there’s money in it and so it’s justified with “I’m just doing my job!” Having a job that requires you to be a piece of shit doesn’t mean you aren’t a piece of shit for fulfilling said job.
If doing your job is wholly unethical, then don’t do your job. Pretty simple.
I’m sorry their job is to report the news. They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. No, that's EXACTLY what the media is supposed to do, it's only recently that being first mattered more than being accurate or honorable. How many times have you read an article that says the names were being withheld until next of kin was notified? That's the proper procedure, and that's how it should be done. The public doesn't have some God-given right to know right this second that somebody has died.
“Doing their job” is not justification if their job is being scummy. They stick cameras in people’s faces and harass them as a business
And they only do that because we, the people, want it.
The people working for TMZ were human beings before they were reporters. Fuck that “they were just doing their job” excuse, these people have no fuckin decency.
They can’t [won't] just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. FTFY
They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. I hope this is a joke because essentially every legitimate news outlet does this on a regular basis.
it has nothing to do with whether they were doing their jobs or not it's more about the families involved.
I’m sorry I just don’t agree. If they don’t break it someone else will. They did their jobs and reported the news accurately. It sucks ass but you can’t just sit on a story like that.
Hard truth to swallow, but you are 100% right. I’m sure TMZ’s source (had to be an EMT or FD as they were the first to respond) not only shared the news with them, but with other sources as well (easy money there, assuming they got paid). The race to be the first to publish the news was going to happen regardless of what people say
Everyone like the freedom of the press until the news is something that they don't like.
Except that no one is arguing that the press should have less freedom, just some human decency.
Sucks, but you're right.
Their responsibility tho is to cover news stories and break them as soon as it happens It’s shitty that it might come before the family can be notified, but it’s not really anyone’s fault. Might just kinda happen that way
Their job is to post gossip. TMZ is not a news site.
They post news and gossip, it's not all one or the other. Kobe's death was news.
Their job is to report the news, their job has nothing to do with the families involved. That is the police and emergency personnel's job. It is rough but that's how it is. The same standard has always, and will continue to be applied to any well known public figure.
Why can't they exactly?
Yes actually they can. A respectful person would want the family to know first, from someone who gives a shit about more than the headline
Yes they can and they should. It's despicable behaviour but i expect nothing less from tmz
Dude one of the founding ethics of journalism is do no harm. If you think the news you would release would cause more harm than good than you sit on it til it won't. By releasing that info, they did an immense amount of harm to that family with no real benefit except personal. It is completely against journalist integrity. They arent just doing their jobs. They are perverting principles for their own gain
Uhm, why can't they?
You said they did their job, like they're entitled to step over moral because is their work. We are losing humanity.
They can’t just sit on shit they know is accurate because the police haven’t notified the families yet. Well, they could.
Uh every news networks waits. TMZ just doenst give a shit
you are one cold mf
You really think the other news outlets would wait? ABC also threw out wrong information saying all of Kobe's kids were on the flight with Rick Fox.
TMZ shady as F
Yeah I bet now they stop doing it. /s
Yeah.. this is will definitely make them stop reporting.
How did TMZ get the news so fast?
It's LA lol. Pap is everywhere tryna make a buck. 1800-TMZ before 911.
1800-TMZ lol, it really is almost that.1888-TIPZ TMZ
Jesus Christ I'm almost not even surprised.
TMZ has insiders everywhere. Paparazzi pay top dollar to get scoops. TMZ is a shitty company that stalks celebrities for cash but their information about breaking news is usually accurate. Their ethics are in the toilet though.
I remember reading the story on reddit (so believe if you want) by someone who worked in a hotel where an athlete got in some kind of drunk altercation. They said immediately after, TMZ was calling every phone line attached to the building, people with the hotel on their linkedin were getting emails, they had people swinging by to talk to employees and it was all about no questions asked anonymous cash for the security tapes
I am an entertainment lawyer in LA and one time I was loosely affiliated with a minor story published in TMZ. Probably their 10th biggest story of the day. Regardless, Harvey Levin himself called my personal, private cell phone number (no idea how he got it) 30 minutes after I learned of new information regarding the subject so he could try to pry the info from me. They have their sources in LA... it's pretty common knowledge that they pay many thousands of dollars to first responders who will text them with info re: celebrity deaths/arrests/etc. Same with hotel workers. Anyone who says otherwise is naive as fuck.
How much do they pay for these scoops? I know it would vary but for something as big as this or lets say the Jay-z Solange elevator altercation - how much would a typical pay out be? Thousands? Tens of thousands? Hundreds?
I think this would be in the tens of thousands if the person hard balled them on it. They probably start low but if you’re the only one with the information and stand firm, they’ll pay to pry it out.
TMZ reportedly paid "several thousand dollars" for the tape of Michael Richards using the n-word at the Laugh Factory. Reportedly Levin didn't have enough cash on hand, so he asked all the employees to max out their daily ATM limits, and then later reimbursed them. The Kobe story would be bigger than the Richards story, which itself was bigger than the Solange story.
Damn, they broke that story? I don't even remember TMZ being a thing back then. I guess their methods worked!
I believe it was that story that put TMZ on the map
I believe it. That shit went viral as fuuuuck. rip michael
I was referring to the Michael Richards story actually (November 2006). MJ wasn't until 2009. I looked it up, and what really put them on the map though was Mel Gibson's DUI arrest (antisemitic comments) in July 2006.
Micheal didn’t die
Also, how do negotiations work? An insider calls TMZ and says I have a scoop. How does TMZ know how much it is worth? The insider can't say "I have big news about Kobe, give me $XX" because then TMZ would just do the digging themselves.
TMZ probably needs proof beforehand, joe schmo reporting Kobe's death probably wasn't enough. So photos, video, or passenger manifest+confirmation of the aircraft are probably what get sold.
So then you have to trust that TMZ is actually going to pay you. They could easily just take the proof and run. But obviously they have a reputation to uphold in order to continue receiving this kind of information
Yeah, it would be pretty hard to have half the town on the potential payroll, if they don't actually roll out the pay.
So Nightcrawler was a documentary?
That's likely how they got the Ray Rice, Solange Knowles, and Kareem Hunt tapes.
Inside the actual 30-mile zone, they are the word of god. If something happens in Beverly Hills, Bel-Air or Calabasas, TMZ knew about it a full minute before it happened.
Some game of thrones varys shit lol
and the other thing TMZ does that is insanely smart is almost all the paparazzi they get their stuff from don't directly work for them, they are paid as 1099 contractors for their material. That way say a paparazzi runs someone off the road or crosses the line even more than they do now TMZ can just say, "That guy doesn't work for us" to avoid lawsuits. Some of the guys at the airport are TMZ employees, those are the ones you see just asking famous people questions as they walk. Those guys have very strict protocol they follow. (TMZ did some behind the scenes thing on TV one day I happen to see)
So just like the Freelancer in Nightcrawler?
There’s actually a very good documentary on Netflix about actual freelancers in LA who race across the city to get footage to sell to local stations. Would Highly recommend to people interested.
Title?
Shot in the dark
But whats the title? I dont want to take a shot in the dark.
Thank you
We get the media we deserve. TMZ is thriving because we as a population want their service.
That doesn't mean they aren't a shitty company with no ethics.
What news company actually still have ethics at this point?
The Onion
The onion is just actual news at this point
I'm here for this
Other news outlets don't pay sources. TMZ and a few other gossip publications are alone there.
ProPublica
The one whose politics align with mine
I mean, a lot of them overall when you consider the amount of moving parts and the quantity of stories they do, any outlet that will issue corrections when they make a mistake and actually talks to sources is pretty ethical in general, it’s just a lot of people buy into the fake news memes and use it to discredit journalism as a whole but there are tons of journalists who work their ass off for the truth but they all get lumped in now like they’re breitbart and project Veritas and other outright propaganda outlets. It’s one of the most damning things of this generation, that all media outlets and journalists are getting lumped in together and collectively having their trust eroded even when it’s not justified.
The Onion
NPR
that stalks celebrities This. I've always wondered how it's even fucking legal the shit paparazzi do.
Probably had multiple people call trying to report it first from the sheriff's office.
They get it wrong, too, like when they reported Miley Cyrus was dead in 2008
oh god i remember the lil wayne story, there were false reports all over facebook for weeks even after it was debunked
Contacts. Likely within the sheriff department itself.
How dare you impugn the spotless reputation of the LA Sheriff's Office! Ex-L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca sentenced to three years in prison in jail corruption scandal Judge Orders Fired LA Sheriff's Deputy Who Was Rehired By Villanueva To Give Up His Badge And Gun LA jail scandal: All 6 Sheriff's Department officials found guilty on all counts Former L.A. County Deputy Sheriff Sentenced to 17½ Years in Prison for Scheming to Escort Large Amounts of Narcotics for $250,000 LA County Sheriff’s Deputy Investigated For Having Sex With Teenage Explorer Cadet Paul Tanaka trial gives a peek inside LA sheriff’s culture of corruption
Don’t forget this one... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Anthony_Weber
They are connected beyond measure
They are extremely connected to Hollywood as a "local" outlet. They also pay for tips and I read someone yesterday hinting pretty strongly that they have accurate sources within LAPD.
They literally have people everywhere. Its business to them to push out stories as quick as possible but dont sacrifice on accuracy.
I was thinking about this last night and I’d bet anything that they have 911 operators, dispatchers, first responders, police on payroll.
Radar scanners were going off of a helicopter crash and Kobe was suspected on board, most likely someone listening to a scanner and notified TMZ.
Okay but what about how ABC News was reporting, less than an hour after the crash, that all 4 of his daughters were on the helicopter with him?
And the others saying that Rick Fox was on the helicopter too.
I went to CNN's website just to get some information, and was shocked to see in ALL caps, with a black background: "KOBE BRYANT AND HIS DAUGHTER ARE DEAD". Like, seriously? Not even a modicum of respect or dignity, just the most shocking headline possible to evoke the max amount of attention. BBC/CBC on the other hand were able to contain their glee at a huge story with title's like "NBA great Kobe Bryan dies in helicopter accident" or something with even a hint of gravitas. Modern media (and social media) can be sickening sometimes.
That’s par for the course for CNN. BBC is usually the best.
It’s honestly surprising how unilaterally hated CNN is. You must be really fucking awful if both democrats and republicans think you’re the scum of the earth.
Well, except for them showing LeBron highlights when talking about Kobe...
You were shocked by CNN grandstanding?
Yet they had the most accurate reporting compared to local affiliates
Their job is to report the news. It’s fucking awful Kobe’s friends and family had to find out through social media. But to ask a news outlet to sit on accurate news is beyond ridiculous.
The thing is if they don’t break it, another media outlet will.
It's a savage game.
As shown in the excellent documentary “Nightcrawler”.
Oh, that wasn't a horror film of real life events? - oh wait I see...
https://i.imgur.com/8y5ABu4.mp4
You could taste the media's disappointment that Virginia didn't turn into a bloodbath.
Same thing with the joker movie too. I’ve seen so many articles saying “Ohhhhb wouldn’t it be JUST terrible if a shooting happened here? I really sure hope a shooting doesn’t happen here. Experts say a shooting could happen here. Like ffs do these media people have any morals or spine.
That doesn’t make it right
And that's how everyone was thinking that the entire Bryant family was aboard that chopper. Kind of sad that something like this had so much fake news. It's one thing to get the figure wrong (went from just 5 deaths to 9) but straight up killing off his entire family and Rick Fox? Just sad.
Um, I take you have not ever taken a journalism course? Cause, it's not "beyond ridiculous" to delay a news report.
This age of social media reporting has made it so that releasing info first is their top priority. You have reporters basically just writing a headline with an article saying “more to come soon” so that they can tweet it out immediately
Journalism has evolved a lot in the last 40 years. There have been changes and there will be counteractions. Dunno how it'll go down but it will be interesting to see how journalists, consumers, regulators, etc. push things along over the next 40 years. Consumers are a disturbingly unwashed mass. I wonder if the consumers will ever be a more conscientious contributor, or if it'll be up to media and regulators.
That's definitely how it works these days, which is unfortunate. But that doesn't mean what they did (and the journalism climate of breaking the story first no matter what) was ethical. It's just respectful to wait until family are notified before breaking the story on social media.
News wires have always done that to push info out as quickly as possible when there's breaking news. yes, outlets will report the wire alerts and fill in the blanks later - there's nothing wrong with that, TV news did that long before social media was ever a thing
Cool. So can you explain other news outlets following suit and posting right after TMZ? How about the fact that they were completely making shit up like the whole Bryant family was on the plane? Would love to see how this follows the rules of “actual” journalism.
Is it REALLY beyond ridiculous to ask somebody not to break a story until loved ones are notified of somebody death? Is THAT really what the reddit circle jerk is going with right now?
They are passing the buck. They should have proper protocols and procedures to stop leaks Like this. It's their fault if it makes it out.
As decent people, they should. As a business, I understand their decision.
“Business” has been used as an excuse for absolute awful practices for a long time. Don’t fucking use it as an excuse to downplay things. Sure slavery is bad but as a business it makes sense. Bootlicker nonsense.
Lol big business has brainwashed so .any people. "This is morally wrong but I'll accept it because they use the word business."
Respectable news outlet sit on news all the time if it's asked or the right thing to do.... TMZ just has no integrity.
This is 'the Kobe thread', everyone.
Kobe Bryant: "I always say if you cut my left arm I bleed black and red and if you cut my right arm I bleed purple and gold." Video: https://twitter.com/AndreaThiago89/status/1221523107573305344
Kobe Bryant interview in Italian subtitled in English when he visited our training center in 2013
How good was his italian? listing to it he seems fluent.
Completely understandable and fluent, especially for a person who barely has any chances to speak constantly since he moved away from Italy in the 90s.
Wait, he lived in Italy? Didn't know that. I guess that's why he's a Millanista
yeah his father played pro ball in italy.
there's this legendary picture of him playing professional basketball as a child with full grown adults in italy
Holy shit fr? Down the rabbit hole I go
Start here https://youtu.be/boggbwb7Q7Q
Thanks mate
I mean it’s like one of the biggest reasons for Kobe being kobe The cultural impact Italian society had on him is massive — Italians loved to play with him and gave him tonnes of opportunity and coaching even when he was young Plus the academics in Italian schools are really good
Almost perfect honestly.
He grew up in Italy while his father played basketball there.
only thing that could tip anybody off was the Americanized "Dicembere" with the the soft C, otherwise he was was perfect
You're a soft c
I grew up in Italy in a fully Italian family (i.e. no dual language situation) and moved to California when I was 19 (about 12 years ago), so my Italian has deteriorated a bit over the years. His is on par with mine tbh, if not better. You can tell it's not his first language, but if I didn't know better I'd think he had been living in Italy for years. His grammar is pretty spot on, pronunciation is great, there's just some hesitation here and there, but I'm legitimately blown away, had no clue he could speak Italian let alone this well.
We've just lost one of the greatest fans of our club... I wish he could see Milan rise back to the top again..
Me too...
This news has properly knocked me for six. Jesus Christ. He was a big football fan. Fluent in Italian. Awesome guy.
the quality of his footwork was attributed to his soccer background iirc
Warriors coach Steve Kerr stated that players who played soccer first transitioned well into basketball because of the footwork. Helps with fundamentals I believe.
“If I were the czar of American basketball and I had to say, 'all right, I'm in charge of youth basketball in America,'" I would make every player coming through the youth basketball program play football because it translates directly. The problem in basketball today [is] the young players are coming up and they just try to beat everybody one-on-one with the dribble. They're unbelievably gifted dribbling the ball, but they don't understand the pass and the move. Which is what football would teach them."
Y'know how Kobe in the off season would go and like, learn a fucking, y'know a Texas Two-Step or something, to add to his arsenal?
There's a basketball coach near me who likes his players to play soccer in the offseason for that reason - footwork
Fuck helicopters man, have taken too many people.
Just over a year ago the Leicester owner...
Few years before that, Colin McRae.
Colin McRae fucked up, it was pilot error and it ended up also killing his kid and another 2 passengers. If Reyes got slack, so should McRae
Reyes got flack because he was driving extremely dangerously. McRae was by most accounts a very good pilot
Inquiry found that McRae was doing shit that he shouldn't have been doing, and his actions ended up killing a child that wasn't his, and that he took in a helicopter without telling them.
The Reyes driving dangerously thing turned out to be incorrect iirc Edit: I was mistaken apparently, just looked it up.
I think the word you're looking for is stick. Slack would be letting him off for it.
Emiliano Sala passed away last year around this time as well
That was pretty dodgy. small plane though? But I get your point.
Honestly, fuck small planes and fuck helicopters.
Amen, I will never get on any. Even if I could afford it lol
Apparently it was the weather that was the main factor. If you look at the pictures it’s foggy as hell there.
Agreed. I have never and will never enter a fucking helicopter
Also knew more of other languages. Just few weeks ago he trash talked (all in fun) Luka Doncic in his language. You can see him in few clips when throwing basketball at free throw shouting PUSI KURAC (which in serbo-croatian language is a popular curse meaning suck my dick) and in other ocassions also said other curse words in same language.
Definitely a worldly citizen and someone who crosses divides and inspired so many people. Rest in Prosperity Kobe Bean Bryant
He gave interviews in Spanish recently, he was talking about Chicharito moving to LA.
He grew up in my city (Reggio Emilia) and despite i don't follow basketball i have always respected and appreciated him for his humbleness and for his history as a sportsman, a truly inspiration on and off field
"You have to keep moving. You have to keep going. Put one foot in front of the other, smile and just keep on rolling."
Damn, I still have some of the drawings I made of him as a kid. One of my childhood heroes, up there with Ronaldinho and Federer. Life is not fair man.
Our club lost of one it's greatest fans ..
His daughter too ffs
Plus his daughters teammate and her father. Tragic and at a loss for words.
Wait his daught died with him? That would be even more tragic.
She was only 13 too
I looked into it a bit and it was gianna, they had a very warmhearted moment together not too long ago that became a bit of a meme on twitter, sad watching it again knowing the recent events. https://youtu.be/PuczDyTA4DE
They were headed to a travel game
Is that confirmed? I read a rumour about that but only that, I hope it's not true
Is it true that his 13 year old daughter was also on board and died?
Fucking hell just read it's true, feel for his wife and kids right now.
Fuck man this is just tragic. Can't imagine what they're going through right now.
I don't see how you ever recover from your husband and young daughter's death at the same time. Absolutely destroys any semblance of normalcy. Your family's regularity is forever changed. No one should have to burry their child, especially at the same time as their spouse. Absolute tragedy.
Yes, it was confirmed
Gianna, another girl who played and her parent along with Kobe.
LA County Sheriff's department actually said 9 people were on-board and all died. We have no confirmation on who, though Woj 'confirmed' Kobe, Gianna, the other girl and her parent. There's a fear at the moment that Vanessa Bryant actually managed to lose her husband and all her children today.
Yes. Fucking awful man.
Yeah most sites are reporting it as true unfortunately...
yes.
Yes, and also apparently one of her teammates and that teammate's father who was a baseball coach at a local college. It looks like they were on their way to a basketball tournament at Kobe's Mamba Academy.
Apparently his favourite footballer was Marco van Basten, but he also enjoyed the likes of Rijkaard, Gullit and the upcoming Baresi and Maldini. He knew his football
He grew up in Italy so it definitely was big to him.
A man of culture
The fact that anytime someone threw something into a bin or just anything it could land in, and shouted Kobe while doing it shows the affect he had on people whether they were basketball fans or not, RIP black mamba.
Kobe was one of those athletes that defined a sport. Even if most people who didn’t know much about basketball heard the name Kobe, they’d know he represented the best that basketball had to offer. An absolute legend of the game
Hit the nail on the head mate. He was an icon of sport and even that doesn’t feel like it does justice. The whole mamba mentality was a way of life rather than just a way of becoming a top athlete.
Absolutely man, i will be doing it forever, what a man. Sad fucking day
This is one of those deaths that left me shocked, what a tragedy. I hope his family and of course family of the rest of the crew of that machine will be taken care of in this days...
It was so sudden, so unexpected, I'm literally shaking as I am typing this. Hopefully his family are able to find peace. Edit: Hopefully families of those who died in the crash also can find some harmony. I can't begin to imagine how the families of those who died feel right about now.
Honestly this is the most shocked I've been since Michael Jackson died Edit: some news outlets are reporting that his daughters were also on board damn!
Yeah, TMZ confirmed that his 13 year old daughter was on board and died in the crash. Jesus the news are getting worse by the minute. Edit The link for everyone who wants to read, though it's heartwrenching https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
Jfc, what what a horribly tragic end to the week.
Robin Williams for me, but that one was really emotional for me since he was one of my childhood heroes.
Chester Bennington comes close for me. RIP both legends.
I was shocked by Vichai's death. Both came out of nowhere, and both from helicopter crashes.
I never was a Basketball or NBA fan(not that popular in Sweden) but damn i am very shocked cause Kobe was a world superstar. I can imagine how freaking shocked i would be if i suddenly heard about Messi/Ronaldo dying(knock on wood!)
I didn’t watch much Basketball but I know he’s one of the GOATs of the sport. Like a Messi/Ronaldo of Basketball.
Yeah, the same way little kids dream of being both Ronaldos, Maradona, Pele, Messi every time they kick a soccer ball, kids in America were yelling "Kobe" every time they tossed anything. Didn't have to be a ball, it could be a milk carton into the trash can. Everyone wanted to be like him :(
Still do, and I was always a Kobe hater. Impossible to not respect.
I didn’t even like basketball that much and I’m not American and i still grew up yelling Kobe every time I threw anything. Kobe truly trascended sports. RIP Mamba.
That corner fadeaway. I've been saying "Kobe" whenever I throw something into a trashcan since middle school. I'm over 30 years old now. Huge icon.
I’ve always compared him to Ronaldo. Great talent but insane work ethic that kept him at the top for so long , and a huge icon for the sport.
Kobe grew up in Italy when his dad played there and speaks fluent Italian. Here's an interview with him speaking Italian. :(
Wow - he’s truly the goat
Only a few weeks ago he was court side at the Lakers/Mavericks game and had something to say to Luka Doncic, in Slovenian. https://twitter.com/espn/status/1211507245667803136?s=21 https://twitter.com/BenGolliver/status/1211522011320614912
i think spike lee did a doc on him years back where they just had a camera on him for an entire game vs the spurs. dude could speak to every single person on the team in their native language. an incredible leader
His wife is of Mexican ascent and he also spoke fluent Spanish. Damn :(
Neymar just celebrated his second goal by showing 2 and 4 with his fingers!
salute.
What does that mean? Was that Kobe Bryant's shirt number?
Yeah he was number 24
That’s a nice gesture actually. I hate on Neymar pretty regularly but this seems genuinely sincere to me.
Neymar's a good dude. He's hated for his constant flopping at the WC but there's a difference between how someone is on the pitch and in 'real life'.
See also: CR7. Dude is a constant diva on the pitch but off the pitch he always helps the underprivileged.
It’s 2 years later and people still hate on him for that? Especially considering he actually took in the criticism and decreased his diving?
2 years… Trippier’s free-kick seems like it was just a few months ago.
What's the meaning of that?
Kobe’s number, 24 (he also wore the number 8–both numbers were retired by the Lakers)
The only player in Lakers history to have 2 numbers retired
Think it’s even rarer than that—only player in the NBA to have two numbers retired by the same team. Here are the other players with multiple retired numbers
24 was kobe bryants signature number
Kobe's shirt number, nr 24
Game respects game
Wait what the fuck? Kobe died?? Holy shit I'm shocked. RIP
Imagine if Messi or Ronaldo died a few years after retiring. Everyone would be devastated. RIP Kobe.
It would be like Beckham right now. Super famous and untimely
Kobe's a GOAT though. Would be more like Ronaldo or Ronaldinho dying
Yeah he's somewhere in the top 5-10 best players of all time. Ronaldo or Zidane would be a good comparison.
Ronaldinho may have had one of the highest peaks, but was never consistent enough to be considered a GOAT. Kobe played well into his mid to late thirties.
It's a good comparison but I'm not going to imagine more deaths, fuck you very much.
Didn't he grow up in Italy? I know he could speak Italian.
Yepp his father was a pro there for a couple years
Yup he even played youth soccer there. Also speaks Spanish
Seeing the pic made me wonder how he would have fared as a soccer player, a Luca Toni-esque target forward in Serie A. Or a Materazzi esque center back
You asked me for 50, I gave you 60. You asked for my hustle, I gave you my heart. Mamba Out
That's from his Oscar winning short, Simply titled "Dear Basketball", here it is if anyone wants to watch it https://believeentertainmentgroup.com/portfolio-item/dear-basketball/ The world has truly lost a great athlete that loved his sport and our sport
Watching this now is gut-wrenching.
This one hits hard.
Kobe has said that growing up he was just as good at soccer as basketball and that is was just the realities of America’s infrastructure that made basketball easier to pursue. He was always a true fan of the game though, as we all were of his game. Nothing but respect to this legend. RIP Mamba
Kobe has said that growing up he was just as good at soccer as basketball and that is was just the realities of America’s infrastructure that made basketball easier to pursue. He was always a true fan of the game though, as we all were of his game. Given the total incompetence of US Soccer in general, no wonder why he chose basketball. The people running soccer in the US are idiots. Regardless, it is sad that Kobe died in this way.
True, but it is better than it was in the 90s. The US obviously produces a large amount of world class athletes, if only a small percentage could see soccer as a viable career path then they wouldn’t turn to other sports as often and the National team would be so much better.
This is key. Not only was Kobe's FATHER an NBA basketball player, when he was a kid in the 80s, the USA hadn't been to World Cup since 1950 and there were practically 0 American footballers to look up to at the top flights of Europe.
He retired less than 4 years ago scoring 60 points in his last game. I remember thinking this guy could still play for a couple of years if he wanted to. This is just so sudden and so sad. Rest in peace Kobe ??
He could but it was Kobe and he couldnt play unless he was elite. Guy just couldnt accept just being good. RIP
Kobe Bryant died?????? Fucking hell no way man
It's true. He died in a helicopter crash
Dunno why but that headline fuckin floored me. One of them things I would have never in a million years thought I'd read
Truly surreal
Feels like so many celebrities have passed away in small plane/helicopter crashes. Otis Redding, Stevie Ray Vaughan, John Denver, Jim Croce, Buddy Holly, Sala, Rocky Marciano to name a few. Even though it’s unlikely, athletes/musicians who travel a lot are at risk. Passenger planes seem a lot safer. Not getting into a helicopter again anytime soon.
The golfer Payne Stewart had the weirdest one. The plane lost pressure and everybody fainted/passed out and the plane kept on flying for hours until it eventually crashed.
Also Vichai, I know he isn't what you could call a celebrity, but he is a big figure in history of Leicester. I'm with you, not even considering to get in a helicopter in the near future.
To me this speaks of the lazy human nature of not doing anything unless there's legal consequences if you don't. There are so many people whose heads would roll if a passenger plane failed due to bad maintenance or not thorough enough inspections. Private jets, helicopters etc on the other hand... RIP Kobe. You will always be a legend and people will always shout your name when throwing any object any distance, be it a grenade in a videogame or a ball of paper to the trashcan.
It's both laziness and, in a way, arrogance, in my opinion. Most people think they're untouchable. That helicopter likely shouldn't have been in the air at all in the first place due to foggy weather conditions, but they made the decision to fly anyway. They've likely flown through similar conditions several times with no issue, but all it takes is one bad day for the worst to happen.
Fucking hell, that's awful.
Helicopter crashed into the side of a hill due to bad weather conditions. It's foggy as fuck right now in LA. Latest update says witnesses reported seeing helicopter on fire and with smoke coming out before crashing.
It wasn't because of bad weather conditions; the helicopter caught fire and smoke filled the inside. Emergency crew reacted but to no avail.
Well I don't follow basketball, but I know how gutted i and many others would be if we lost a huge player way too early.. Damn shame
Understand this isn't directly football related but would be good to have at least one thread to discuss it. As this tweet says Kobe was an AC Milan fan as well being a big admirer of Barca. He served as an inspiration for Messi and Ronaldinho and I'm sure many more football players around the world. One of the greatest athletes ever. RIP
Absolutely, it's like if Zidane or Ronaldinho died today. He was only 41 and a huge influence globally across all sports
I've never been so affected by a celebrity death. I guess I finally understand why MJ, Mac Miller etc fans were so sad :(
I felt the same about celebrity deaths until Mac Miller died
Anthony Bourdain for me. I remember reading the news about his death in bed and having to lay there for the morning to process him being gone.
Chester Bennington for me :(
Alan Rickman for me.
same man, every other time i‘ve been like „it‘s sad that it happened but that‘s life‘ but this evening i‘ve been in genuine shock. I never even was a Kobe fan, there was just this immense level of respect for his achievements and work ethic. Now the world feels like a different place somehow.
He went to Milanello several times, and Italians always respected and were so proud of him. To have a global star being so proud of his Italian history, he was a favorite
He was an AC Milan fan in his own words
Yeah, he was a huge football fan and there's millions of football fans that also are fans of the NBA.
he grew up in milan
No, he grew up in Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna.
what a plastic then /s dont crucify me pls
Agreed, this is also a more appropriate thread since it's directly tweeted by an official team account, of the team he supported to say the least. This one should be left up.
I remember seeing Kobe in Barcelona when the Lakers came for a friendly against Barcelona basket in 2010. He and some of the players came into the same club we were at, and just seeing him for a few minutes was unreal. He was bigger than life.
His daughter died :(
Wait what? Was she with him?
Apparently it was Kobe, his 13 year old daughter, and a teammate and her parent (and probably the pilot, since there were 5 people) who were in the helicopter
Only 13 :(
Apprently a up and coming player too. So so sad. Feel so much for the poor people affected by this.
I knew he was Rossonero but I had no idea he spent eight years in Italy as a kid, played basketball there and was so passionate about football, he even grew up as a Milan fan and would've pursued a football career if it wasn't for basketball. Turns out he often returned to Italy as well to visit his childhood friends. I stumbled upon this after the sports shows and news on Italian TV dedicated a lot of time to him and brought up his background. They usually focus on football (especially on weekends) but they paid tribute to him for a good amount of time with a couple of great video packages and were visibly devastated. Seeing all of that just made his passing hit even harder.
Here's where he talks about growing up in Italy. https://youtu.be/boggbwb7Q7Q?t=126
Way too young! Also his daughter and others who were killed in this tragic accident. :(
What the hell!! This sub has had to mourn 3 air disasters in a very short time. This is very very tragic indeed. I feel especially bad for the daughter for some reason. She had her whole life in front of her...
Every time an air disaster like this happens, my wife and I always have the same discussion of why do the rich fuck with prop planes and helicopters. I get the speed of point A to point B but it’s always prop planes and helicopters. RIP Mamba
An incredible ambassador of soccer in America. So many of us are heartbroken. Rest in Peace, Kobe.
He did a lot for different branches. One of the first big mainstream folks to promote eSports.
Every football player on instagram posting Kobe pics. Wonder why american basketball is so popular with football players (seemingly over any other sport, american or otherwise).
Kobe was a huge football fan and had a lot of friends in the sport.
He also played the sport while living in Italy when his father played basketball there. Had he not gone into basketball, it's not that farfetched that he could have gone into football on a professional level and may have been pretty freaking great at it.
Kobe is just one of those guys that would've succeeded no matter what field he chose to go into. I mean the dude won an Oscar after 20 years in the NBA
I think, like football, it's just down to the simplicity of the sport. Pretty much every park has a basketball hoop and if you have a ball then you're good to go.
It’s not just about basketball, he inspired a generation of kids. His “mamba mentality” work ethic was a lesson to kids that if you work hard enough anything Is possible. The man won an Oscar after retirement as an example of this. The reason this affects so many people is Kobe can be compared to that meme “man too angry to die” - he had this fire and passion and indomitable determination and that inspired people. It’s crazy to think how a man literally larger than life itself just died like that
The NBA is probably the most popular individual league world wide. Ive seen some numbers that suggest that basketball is the second most popular sport in the world and unlike football (soccer) there arent multiple top tier leagues. All the best players play in the NBA. Its not shocking to see many football players being fans.
This feels absolutely surreal. Dude was seemingly invincible, and for Vanessa Bryant to lose him and a daughter is unfathomable. Seeing pics of him hanging with Ronaldinho, or juggling with Mbappe were always heart warming. I wish all the best for his family, friends, and everyone feeling hit by this one.
He did a cute commercial with Messi a few years back. Don't know much about basketball, but he seemed to have a love for football. RIP.
He lived in Italy when he was young near Milan
Milan fans are particularly sad about this... He was a huge fan of Milan. He once said: if you cut my left arm, my blood would be black and red. If you cut my right arm, my blood would be yellow and purple, Colors of LA Lakers.
What's unexpected fervour from an American basketball player for an Italian football team - how did he come to support them? Must be an interesting story.
His dad played pro basketball in Italy so he grew up playing both basketball and soccer in Italy (I believe he was fluent in Italian as well).
he was fluent in like 7 languages. mamba mentality
Spanish, Italian, and a little Mandarin I believe. But fluent in Spanish and Italian for sure. Him and Pau Gasol would communicate in the court in Spanish frequently.
That was one of my favorite stories about those Lakers teams; when Pau and Kobe were on the same team winning it all. And they'd talk to each other in Spanish on the court and could literally say what they were gonna do, or where someone needed to be, and the other team wouldn't know what they were saying.
Kobe is an example of dedication combining with talent to make a monster of a man. One of the best ballers of all time.
He lived in milan as a kid
He lived in Italy for several years during his youth. He developed a fondness for the Sport. He was fluent in Italian and Spanish. Really tragic.
He said in an interview he grew up in Italy and was intrigued by Italian football atmosphere and the rivalry between Milan and Inter. specially Milan's golden generation of Gulit, Van Basten, Maldini ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYWBcDmtgnw
He lived in Italy between the ages of 6 and 13 [1984-1991], as his father was a basketball player for various Italian teams.
He lived there at the beginning of his life, because his father played basketball in Italy as his career was winding down
Ah! Damn now you mentioned it I think I've heard that before, I think in relation to the languages he spoke? Thanks for the heads up
He grew up in Italy. His dad played basketball professionally there. Grew up a fan.
Man, this is so sad and shocking. Just a few days ago, I was posting this : "I'm sure Zlatan is the kind of player to "Kobe Bryant" his opponents. For non basketball fans, Kobe Bryant speaks many languages. He learned some of them just so he could trashtalk specific opponents. Also they both have that unbreakable mindset and are often seen as arrogant/over-confident. The kind of icon you either love or hate." But I'm sure anybody who may have hated him as an opponent is just as sad as any of his fans today. When you like basketball, or sport in general, you can only realize what a loss this is. RIP
Kobe grew up in Italy due to his father playing professional basketball there. Was probably always destined for the court, but he was also an avid football playing youngster like his peers, and has showed off his football skill randomly throughout his NBA career. In another world he would have hit his football prime around the 1998, 2002 and 2006 World Cups for the United States. No idea what position though (funnily enough the US already had a "Kobe" in Cobi Jones).
What a horrible tragedy. Kobe was one of the few truly remarkable international athletes, up there with the likes of people like Messi, Ronaldo, Jordan, Phelps, Usain Bolt, Muhammad Ali, etc. Sad day in sports, regardless if you follow basketball or not.
I was just talking to my brother how cool it is that Kobe grew up in the same part of Italy that I did. RIP Mamba
Icon is a word that's thrown around way too often. So few people achieve that status across the globe. But Kobe did. The sports world lost a truly legendary competitor. Surreal. I'm not a Lakers fan, but often catch myself saying Kobe while making a shot of any kind. Literally dropped a Kobe yesterday while scoring a goal in Rocket League. Like, how many other athletes have had their name etched into everyday vocabulary?
Im on holiday in the Philippines wondering how people will react here, huge basketball following country.
First thing I saw on my feed when I woke up. Devasted. Kobe was my childhood hero
I don’t even watch basketball. I just know him and for so many years in COD I’d shout ‘Kobe’ when throwing a grenade. Such a silly thing that can turn so serious so quickly. RIP Kobe, best wishes to his entire family.
Lot's of people shout Kobe when throwing something. Cause he was amazing at landing shots. Also, I don't think that is a bad/disrespectful thing, quite the contrary.
He will live on through people throwing things and shouting his name
when u put it like that it sounds stupid lol. but that is genuinely a legacy
This is what I thought too. I never watched him play but when I was growing up every nade kill I got in counter strike was quickly followed by a Kobe in the chat. Just goes to show his complete cultural influence
He made me a Lakers fan. He made me love Basketball. I'm crying.
Game respects game
Didn’t follow Basketball but this was a guy who was bigger then the sport like Beckham or Brady.
I’ll never forget Kobe and Melo squaring up to each other when I was an 8 year old kid in Syria. When soccer wasn’t on, basketball was. Kobe and Milan gave me the childhood of my dreams.
Kobe's sports career in numbers: 4th highest all-time NBA scorer - 33,643 5× NBA champion (2000–2002, 2009, 2010) 2× NBA Finals MVP (2009, 2010) NBA Most Valuable Player (2008) 18× NBA All-Star (1998, 2000–2016) 4× NBA All-Star Game MVP (2002, 2007, 2009, 2011) 11× All-NBA First Team (2002–2004, 2006–2013) 2× All-NBA Second Team (2000, 2001) 2× All-NBA Third Team (1999, 2005) 9× NBA All-Defensive First Team (2000, 2003, 2004, 2006–2011) 3× NBA All-Defensive Second Team 2 x Olympic Gold Medalist (2008, 2012) 1x Academy Award (Best animated short film - 2018) Rest in Peace Kobe...
And then you realise he would've been in the basketball HOF class 2020 too. That's just extra sad
He still very much will be.
I grew up watching Kobe and Shaq just DESTROY teams left and right. I didn’t like Kobe very much because whenever he’d play my team, the Pistons, he would just go off....I hated him but man I still loved watching him play and I will always have a mad level of respect for how he played and what he meant for the sport as a whole. He was a stone cold killer on the court. Boy, in the fourth quarter when he got that look in his eye and started going off, yup, that was it, lights out, you were done. I don’t know how many baseball fans are here but a similar athlete for me was the great Yankees closer Mariano Rivera. God, whenever I heard “ Enter Sandman” (his walking onto the field song), and saw him trotting in from the outfield, fuck, I knew our team was fucked. That was how I felt seeing Kobe closing out games against my teams, lol. Kobe was a very interesting person. He wasn’t a stereotypical US athlete. He was fluent in Italian and Spanish, loved The Beautiful Game, and transcended sports, really. RIP Black Mamba. Loved watching you play, love to your family and friends and to the family and friends of the other victims
Imagine Ronaldo goes humble his next couple of years on a retirement run, then retired and broke down game film in great detail, was incredibly open, philosophical and inspirational while spending time with his family, and this on your TV. That’s roughly how it would feel but honestly far worse as the NBA is much more of a family/closeness league than any football one. This is so heartbreaking
Fuck absolutely everything about helicopters, I’ll never put my foot on one. Fucking death traps.
Per hour or mile traveled, major commercial aviation is considerably safer than car travel. However, per hour traveled, private helicopter travel results in 85 times more fatalities than car travel. Per mile traveled, private helicopter travel results in 27 times more fatalities than car travel. Source. Condolences to the family and friends of all involved in the crash, and wishes of strength and peace in the time ahead.
That’s a very interesting fact. I knew that helicopters were not as safe as plane travel however I didn‘t know that the difference was that big.
Well on a plane if the engine fails for example, you can still get away with it. On a Helicopter you don't stand a chance. There are just more contingencies on planes, which makes them much safer.
There is a well timed auto rotation which saves the helicopter if your engine fails, if the terrain permits. Every helipilot trains for this situation in the simulator. If your tail rotor fails, however, you are spinning uncontrollably into the ground. Main reasons why private helicopters crash so often is bad pilot training, error and complacency as well as sloppy maintenance. Rescue helicopter crashes are much less common, even though their operations can be very difficult terrain wise, because the pilot training is at a very high standard as well as the maintenance.
Don’t know if that was intentional but my uncle always called them that, death trap. He was a pilot
if there's an engine failure you can still control a plane but with an helicopter it's a death sentence once it starts spinning...RIP Kobe
actually autorotation allows a falling helicopter to lift back up at the last second
Yeah I saw something about that but don't know if it works when the helicopter it's spinning on it's own axis
Leicester's owner also died in a helicopter crash. I'm never going on one.
There was another billionaire who died around the same time in a helicopter crash. If these guys who can afford the best pilots still died, theres no chance I’d get in one
Moreso that they can afford the best mechanics. Very few crashes are the pilot’s fault, I’m pretty sure.
Colin McRae, a legendary rally driver also died in a helicopter crash a bit more than a decade ago. There’s been quite a few high profile heli crashes this century.
Matthew Harding also
Pretty shocking, I was never a fan of basketball but it is the most popular sport in my country, I've always heard of his name since I was a kid. May his soul rest in peace.
The man was bigger than basketball, everyone knows Kobe and there's a reason it's his name people shout when they throw things away. RIP Mamba.
Thanks for this, you've hit the nail on the head. I've never followed basketball apart from a very brief spell for one NBA finals series supporting San Antonio (have family in Waco), but Kobe dying left my mouth open in shock for a solid 10 mins. The dude is a fucking icon of his generation - in any context.
REEE ports: 28: I'm just using this as a super downvote. 9: This is spam 5: No posting personal information. 4: My vagina ruined my brain 3: Violates the White Knight Code Of Honor 3: Please notice me 3: No brigaiding 2: I'm a whiny cunt. 1: This is not PPD. Nothing wrong was done here. No one should be suspended for sharing old stories. 1: Spam 1: not PPD 1: Not pussy pass denied, you just hate women 1: u/anotherteapot comment describes this perfectly 1: This isn't pussy pass related. And don't turn this into a celebrity dick-sucking festival. 1: Not PPD 1: No actual PPD. Kobe was a POS 1: Not a ppd 1: It's targeted harassment at someone else 1: doesn't fit the sub 1: Not a pussy pass denied /u/Dylkim: There's a myth that Kobe's defense team leaked the name of Kobe's accuser. This is not true. Kobe's lawyers were allowed, by the judge, to bring up Faber's name. The Court and the Eagle County Justice Center's staff accidentally leaked the name. http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/crime/judge-dont-call-kobe-bryant-accuser-victim Prosecutor dismissed a witness, without telling the defense, simply because he contradicted their evidence. The sexual assault expert claimed jaw injury and vagina trauma are very much possible in consensual sex. Why is this so important? Prosecutor's entire case was predicated on the neck injury and vaginal trauma. Weirdly enough, this is never mentioned among news sites attacking Bryant. http://www.foxnews.com/story/2004/09/03/authorities-defend-handling-kobe-case.html The accuser had sex hours after her encounter with Kobe Bryant. However, before you guys try to use the "Sexual assault victims can be very unpredictable" card, (Which is somewhat valid) before this evidence was revealed, the accuser and the prosecutor's stances differed strongly from this. To exemplify, prosecutor tries to fight this evidence by saying she had sex BEFORE the encounter, but the forensic expert was very doubtful. If she had sex before the Kobe incident, there would be some DNA found on Kobe's clothing; Nothing was found http://www.nytimes.com/2004/08/04/us/papers-reveal-new-details-in-kobe-bryant-rape-case.html https://www.cbsnews.com/news/big-win-for-kobe-defense/ Before the actual trial took place, including the civil court, the accuser bragged about the money she was going to get from Kobe. . You know what's worse? 3 days before Kobe was charged, she was seen by more than 5 people bragging about her encounter with Kobe. http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/kobe-accuser-bragged-partygoer-happy-article-1.512242 http://www.foxnews.com/story/2004/11/06/docs-kobe-accuser-discussed-award-money.html Her ex-friend reveals the accuser had celebrity addiction for a long time. She tried to do the same thing to Eminem. She also wanted to testify: http://www.contactmusic.com/kobe-bryant/news/ex.pal-reveals-kobe.s-accuser-plotted-to-lure-eminem-into-bed She was seen leaving the hotel without any noticeable discomfort: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/kobe-records-released/ She had a history of mental illness that was dangerous to herself and her peer: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/alt.showbiz.gossip/n2cprdAFQJE (This evidence would not be accepted in today's court but was registered in 2004) The prosecutor lacked evidence. Not only evidence, they were badly losing against Kobe's defense team: "This ruling will make it much, much tougher for prosecutors to convict Bryant of sexual assualt,'' says legal analyst Cohen. "The physical evidence against him never was that strong to begin with and now this evidence is likely to tilt the 'he said, she said' battle squarely in Bryant's favor." https://www.cbsnews.com/news/big-win-for-kobe-defense/ The accuser lied and changed her story multiple times. I am okay with giving accusers the benefit of the doubt, but this was alarming. Because there was a witness who saw her without any visible discomfort (This is my assumption), she claimed she was forced to wash her face and settle down before leaving Kobe's room. What's even worse? she was given a chance to correct herself months after the initial statement; she continued the lie. She didn't admit to her mistake for a whole year. http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/kobe-accuser-mixups-admits-lies-claim-article-1.548757 Finally, the settlement. People actually use this as Kobe's confession. Kobe was strongly advised by his own defense team AND other prosecution to settle this case. Why? He could risk losing everything, and it does not help that he's a black man. If he didn't settle, it would take years for this case to conclude; his wife also had a miscarriage during this time. When you settle a case, it's a compromise with you and the defendant; you don't think the accuser wanted Kobe to say those things? To substantiate this, the accuser asked for "unspecified amount of money, as well as public vindication.". She got both in the settlement. The accuser is the one who wanted this comment. Its what the lawyers, from both sides, agreed to make Kobe sign to end it; it has nothing to do with Kobe's actual feelings or the reality of the case. This is a settlement. http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2004-09-28/news/0409290017_1_accuser-lin-wood-kobe-bryant By all accounts, this was a false accusation. I will never say I am 100% certain, but I am sure enough that he did not rape this woman. It's really funny how the media changed narratives to fit their agendas. I have never seen them bring up how much the prosecution was insanely unethical to Kobe AND many of his witnesses. The prosecutor, Lin Wood, is also a horrific person. POST IS STAYING
I don't think this qualifies for the sub - I would like to assume here that a man with similar timing would have been treated the same in this situation, and that her sharing it had nothing to do with her intending to or actually getting away with a pussy pass.
And I don’t think she did anything wrong. I have more problem with the deification of celebrities that indirectly led her to being fired.
I want to disagree with you so bad. But after typing a clever comeback response and thinking about it a little bit, you’re right lol.
Honestly I get that it was over a decade ago, but I live in the community in Colorado where Kobe raped that girl. I was here when it happened and I remember him saying "I understand how she could have 'mistakenly' seen it as rape". I remember him denying ever knowing her until they got him with DNA evidence and he changed his story. Him implying that since he didn't see it as rape that it didn't count and she was so terrified by the event and media frenzy that she didn't want to testify so he got off. Just because he went on to have an amazing career doesn't mean it never happened. Our community certainly never forgot. EDIT: the amount of apologists messaging me is astounding. He raped a 19 year old girl just out of high school working in the hotel he was staying at, she was to scared to testify (as is common in rape cases) so it never went to trial. I literally live in the community it happened in (then and now).
Dude there’s so much evidence you’re not including lmao she had sex apparently shortly after and witnesses said she bragged about fucking Kobe and a friend said she had always been obsessed with celebrities and tried to do the same thing to another celebrity
Well yea, you don't expect them to consider all of the facts do you? Only the facts that fit the desired narrative matter.
No, no, no. You have to BELIEVE women! Always! We live in a rape culture where men will just take what they cannot get! It doesn't matter if she bragged about the size of his dong! It doesn't matter that she was in so need for real affection that she sought the company of other men after her assault! Women always tell the truth! Don't blame the victim! /s
It's amazing how these days any woman can claim she was raped with no evidence at all and refuse to testify in court, and still everybody will say the man in question is a rapist. If I lived in the USA I would be afraid of having sex and I would definitely film every single sexual encounter I had.
Well, there was the Duke rape case where the truth came out. We'll never know about many of these, but those young men had the money and the means to get a high powered legal team.
I think this is why a lot of celebrity have learned to not have sex with fans. Kobe and any prominent athlete have it thrown at them. Its difficult for me to believe he would force anyone when he can get just about anyone he wants with ease. All he has to do is enter the room.
Only those two really know what happened. But she wasn't so terrified to testify, she got a huge settlement and did not want to cooperate there after with the prosecution...
Lawyers will tell you to act a certain way. Well, that should be obvious
Bryant initially told investigators that he did not have sexual intercourse... yeah he’s not trying to hide it at all. Ohh wait there was a DNA test and then he admitted to it.
Didn’t want his wife to know he was cheating duh
I didn't realize he was married at the time
Whilst I don't defend it, it's plainly obviously he'd lie to do his best to salvage/save his marriage from the imminent damage something of this nature would cause.
Lawyers always tell their clients to deny knowing the person until proof of otherwise, if there's proof of that, than they change it to deny having intercourse and só on... This applys to every client, guilty or not... so it's pretty normal him denying knowing her.
Because he’s married dipshit.
Most married men deny cheating on their wives
I heard that she was cool with sex until he tried the back door...
Why the fuck does having sex after make it not rape?
Are you an idiot? If you get raped the next thing your gonna do is get penetrated again?
Yeah, that happens a lot actually. Plenty of rape survivors become hyper-promiscuous as a result, often as a way to take back control over their body in a way. Funny how theres no mention of her suffering vaginal tearing consistent with rape, or her blood being found on his shirt.
Doctors said vaginal tearing is consistent with regular consensual sex too He was innocent my guy and he’s dead now get over it bitch lied
No they didnt. That was his defense team. And it was vaginal trauma they claimed was from having sex twice in two days, which is complete horseshit. Gonna just pass over the blood, too?
But he LITERALLY lives in that community! I mean...isn’t that enough to go off of? As opposed to figuratively living in that community i guess
https://www.salon.com/2020/01/31/kobe-bryant-rape-case-american-misogyny/ "The police were able to collect significant amounts of physical evidence, including lacerations on her genitals, a bruise on her face, marks on her neck, and her blood on his T-shirt." And then his statement after she decided not to testify: "Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did." Pretty weird way in my opinion of saying you didn't rape a chick.
Holy shit, people who were raped can also have consensual sex? She needed sutures. He literally fucked her apart while choking her.
Another fucking moron
You're probably a rapist.
You’re probably mentally ill
You've probably got syphilis.
That statement would have been negotiated as part of the legal settlement. Edit: There would also have been NDA's on both sides, so it's not surprising they didn't discuss it directly publicly thereafter. However reporting around Kobe's death has thrown up him saying he felt he was wrongfully accused to a reporter in personal conversation (context was Trayvon Martin's death and Kobe's refusal to condemn Zimmerman initially)
That statement would have been negotiated as part of the legal settlement. That statement happened before the civil trial. The only agreement was that the apology couldn't be used in the civil trial.
Today, ESPN quoted the accuser’s defense lawyer as saying that her client “insisted on that statement as a price of freedom.” From 3 days ago This is backed by reporting at the time quoting Bryant's lawyers. Bryant's lawyers told ESPN that the apology was a condition of the woman, who "insisted on that statement as a price of freedom." The criminal case could not practically go on without her testimony. One reporter's opinion was that the two parties had struck a deal outside the prosecutor's office. In any case I believe it based on legal advice when it was clear that he would be going for a civil settlement. ie. Not a heartfelt statement of belief but a legal tactic. Once you get rid of the criminal case you have to settle the civil one. A expression of sympathy that avoids legal culpability is known to help in mediation there.Ref (Though it took over a year to actually get settled) "....I issue this statement today fully aware that while one part of this case ends today, another remains...." Bryant's attorney on behalf of Bryant. The statement wasn't even read aloud by him, it was issued by his attorney.
He didn't rape anyone. He was never prosecuted. He's innocent until proven guilty, which he was never proven guilty.
OJ innocent to den??
I mean...technically? I'm his criminal case, yes he's innocent. Only in civil court was he found "guilty". As he was acquitted in his criminal case, no, he's not guilty.
Source on that quote by him?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobe_Bryant_sexual_assault_case#Aftermath " Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. " Not quite, but pretty close. (There might be another quote elsewhere, I dunno)
Throwing the word "mistakenly" makes it a big difference. He never said she was wrong for believing that it was rape.
Yea what was made in the first comment and what was actually said are not at all pretty close. And im kind of pissed that OP even thinks they are. What the fuck. The quote pretty obviously expresses that he and she saw the situation differently.
Not the same quote at all there. Misinformation.
Wikipedia as a source. Cute.
It's 2020. Are we still pretending that you can't see the citation on Wikipedia and go fact check it if you choose?
Just because you "literally" live where this happened doesn't mean shit btw. Things like this happen all over the country and the only reason your community hasn't forgotten is because of a famous name, because believe me there are women out there who's cases are long forgotten and never saw justice and their communities have moved on. Moreover, it never went to trial like you said so it's concerning that you are viewing those who are questioning your source of information as apologists, and this is after you misquoted him drastically and presented this information as reason for everyone else to assume his guilt. Rape is horrible and fuck him if he did it, but you are being unreasonable.
I live nowhere near Colorado but all the people praising him like the second coming makes me sick, he might've been a great person but that doesn't mean rape is ok.
He was a great sports star from the rape and amount of cheating it sounds like he did I'd say he was a shitty person.
you live in the community it happened in? so fucking what? unless you were a witness to the alleged rape, your speculation is as (in)valid as anyone else’s.
"It totally happened guys, I was there!" Do you know how many people on this website have tried the exact same stunt you're pulling? You wanna guess how many people can fool anyone with it? I honestly don't care if you lived there or not though. That doesn't make you the source of absolute truth on the matter so quit beating it over our heads like it does. You're allowed to have your own opinions on what you think he did, but that's just what they are. They're not facts, they're just you asserting that he did it because you say so and then calling the people who disagree with you rape apologists. This is not rape apologia or deifying celebrities. This is completely justified skepticism from people who have already seen false accusation after false accusation falling against other guys, especially famous or wealthy guys that play professional sports (Brian banks, anyone?). An especially disgusting tactic is to drop the accusation after they've expired, so you can cash in on the media attention of your bullshit survivor story when the accused can't even defend themselves. "Cancel culture" uses this tactic a lot. Without a trial, he can't be considered a rapist in the eyes of the law. I give absolutely zero shits about her being "scared" to testify, that's what happens when we run this bullshit "don't tell rape victims to report" campaign centered around protecting people's sensibilities at the expense getting justice and punishing rapists. If it truly happened to her, she should have reported it. I say this as the victim of two sexual assaults and an attempted rape. Report it. The potential to get victim blamed or re-traumatized is a small sacrifice compared to what might happen if you let your rapist walk free. There's ways to make the process less difficult for survivors that doesn't involve encouraging them to avoid prosecuting their rapists or defending their decision not to.
You're spitting straight facts my guy!
Anyone who doesn’t report a rapist is an accomplice to the next sexual assault the person commits.
Should I just report you to be sure? Let's waste the polices time by sending bullshit reports and tie them up for the next few years sorting it all out..
the amount of apologists messaging me is astounding. Not really even a little. Your misquoting someone in an attempt to frame them for rape. I don't personally believe he did it, I believe that she didn't want to testify because she wasn't telling the truth. But, because neither me nor you can really know, and the only thing we do really know is that the court system treats rape victims like garbage, there's a chance you're right. There's also the chance that she is in a position to 'cause significant harm to his career, his image, and his overall wellbeing, using this to improve her own financial wellbeing. I guess the reason why you're receiving so many messages is because of the sheer sureness that you have, like do you have evidence that's not freely available that we're missing? Could you share it?
Exactly man. Everyone is so sure he raped her?! What do they know that we don’t? And that him paying her off is expressly saying “I’m guilty”? There’s no possible way he didn’t want to possibly face a wrongful conviction? Maybe he didn’t trust the fucked up American justice system. They’ve always been so kind to black people. These simple minds don’t understand the complexity of the issues. It’s very nuanced and layered. I’m not saying I know what happened, but I don’t pretend to either. That guys misquote of Kobe is so irresponsible. Shit like that just spreads misinformation.
I think it's most likely a grey area. She might have felt pressured into it, he didn't realize this.
but at the end of the day, pressuring someone is just a dick move, and very immoral, but it’s not rape. And if she just felt pressured because of who he was and he didn’t actively pressure her, then thats on her. If it was rape, it’s unfortunate that she had no way to prove it, but i’m going to go with presumption of innocence not because i like kobe, but because i would do that with anyone
I’m no basketball fan. And if he did rape her that’s tragic and he’s a scumbag. But his daughter didn’t do anything. She also died. This reporter bringing up old bones makes it seem like he got what was coming to him, but then what about his daughter?
That is indeed really sad. We too often forget the tragedy that is collateral to superstar death. If we’re doing whataboutism then there were also other people in that helicopter who didn’t cheat on their partners or get accused of rape.
Just because it was consensual at the time doesn't mean it wasn't rape later.
How? You’re saying at the time it was ok but then decide it wasn’t?
That's what the law is like for men.
I was criticizing the comment above me. Wasn't clear I guess. Yes, the comment was intentionally ridiculous.
She a hoe and bragged about her encounter with him. Stfu
I wish your mother could see your comments. But then again she raised you, so not sure.
I'm sure your mother would've wished she swallowed
Lmfao. My mom absolutely regrets having children. That’s why we haven’t spoken in over a decade. What’s your excuse for being a shit person?
Truth.
I believe what youre saying but i dont think you being in the community where it happened somehow adds to your credibility.
He wasn’t found guilty in a legal court. You’re full of shit. I would deny a woman knowing me if she falsely accused me of rape.
Kobe didnt rape that girl. She just Duke lacrossed him into a big payday. You think Kobe Bryant needed to rape anyone? Please....YOUR COMMUNITY?! LMAO oh im sure everyone's hurting so much from little ol hoe moneybag acting like Michelle Carter
"But he play bounceball real good? " The amount of people... Rape apologists defending him because he plays sports good is disgusting.
He raped a 19 year old girl You mean he had sex with her. Do not confuse your opinions for factual statements.
She bragged to her friends about Kobe’s penis size, talked about getting enough money to get breast implants and there was Kobe’s DNA as well as another guys DNA on her, evidence that she had sex with another man after Kobe. No tape victim would fit that profile. Kobe’s statement was prearranged so that he would make some admissions, she would refuse to testify, then she could take her big check to the bank and get her new breasts and he could get back to his life and career.
I fucking hate people. They worship these celebrities because they fantasize about being famous themselves. Kobe was a piece of shit. From time to time I have to interact with sports players in my city due to my job. They're all dumb, egotistical assholes. They played a game well and society treats them like they cured polio. Did I mention how abominably stupid they are?
Yeah, and people in my home town literally live where my 1st wife accused me of being a wife beater and sexually abusing her. I'd caught her cheating and she begged me to keep it between us and to work things out. She used that time to portray me as a monster to make herself look better when she left. I had to leave town to get out from under it. If she'd made them official my life would be very different. Thankfully she was more interested in keeping her good girl reputation and enriching herself than she was in making me suffer. There are still people who won't speak to me. People lie all the time. Unfortunately until someone invents a foolproof truth detector we just don't know what happened.
and I remember him saying "I understand how she could have 'mistakenly' seen it as rape" Do you remember this reporting at the time quoting Bryant's lawyers. Bryant's lawyers told ESPN that the apology was a condition of the woman, who "insisted on that statement as a price of freedom." Or reporter Harvey Levin saying that the deal was struck outside the prosecutor's office ? This was reinforced recently Today, ESPN quoted the accuser’s defense lawyer as saying that her client “insisted on that statement as a price of freedom.” From 3 days ago The statement wasn't even read aloud by him, it was issued by his attorney. I remember him denying ever knowing her until they got him with DNA evidence and he changed his story. Your memory is off. The initial interviews with the police detectives were before the DNA evidence. There he straightaway told the detectives her name and that she had showed him around. He denied having sex with her until they brought up that she had complained about unconsensual sex, and had gone for an exam. Then he changed his tune to having had consensual sex and was worried about his wife finding out. Our community certainly never forgot. Sounds like you or your community needs to refresh your memories.
Yeah everyone trust this guy, he's god and was in the bed room when kobe raped the girl. Also he lived in the town you idiots. Of course kobe is a rapist, he lived in the community guys, and sarah who works at the gas station told me Kobe's a rapist so she must be right. /s
What does her being 19 have to do with it? He was around the same age as her during the incident. My question has always been tho, Why bring that up now? What does that incident have to do with his death?
he was accused of raping a 19 year old girl just out of high school, and the mountain of evidence meant he was in a favourable position to settle and end the ordeal FTFY
You lived there? You don't say. Did you witness a rape then, or anything relevant to the case at all? Because unless you did, the only bearing or 'special insight' you may have on this case is simply your own bias to being closer and more empathetic to the accuser because she lives in your community.
I remember him denying ever knowing her until they got him with DNA evidence and he changed his story. He was married at the time - of course he tried to deny it lol
You say he raped her but the law disagrees with your flawed assessment. It's a good thing you didn't make the decision or another innocent man would be in prison on a false accusation.
While he certainly acted like a dick, that's from what he admitted. But they settled, didn't they ? I guess, money is way more important than justice??
What does it matter you live in the community? It happened to an individual, not like it was Columbine.
A hoe that took the money and ran, how gullible are you?
I now know three things about this guy: He played basketball, Reddit seems to fucking love him, He's a rapist. Point 3 and 2 ought to contradict themselves but it doesn't seem that way.
You assume one of those things.
reddit loves him? /s
You don't think its morally wrong to post an article regarding an alleged rape just a few hours after said alleged rapist died, along with his daughter and 7 other people while millions of people are mourning? The reason she was suspended isn't because people diefy / idolize Kobe and thus don't care whether or not he raped somebody, it's because she posted this HOURS after his & their deaths which was highly inappropriate and insensitive. The word here is tact(less).
Why did you have to do that before you figured out he was right?
Relatable. Updoot
You da real MVP
He died, and someone tried to use false accusations from the past to defame him. It’s disrespectful. I’m not even a fan of Kobe so I know I’m not being biased. How is it wrong to fire her? What am I missing? I don’t think it matters he’s a celebrity or not, bringing up peoples mistakes, and especially lies about them, in times to remember them is in bad taste all around.
I would argue that she was fired for exercising extremely poor judgment and bad taste rather than anything to do with kobe being a celebrity.
Suspended, not fired
She’s neither anymore actually, OP took so long to upload this picture that by the time they did the reporter had been suspended, an investigation took place, the news company made a public statement about reporters shouldn’t be posting about shit that’s doesn’t relate to them on Twitter, then there was backlash from other reporters about that statement, then she was reinstated. All of this took place many many hours before this post was made.
And I was blissfully unaware until this very moment. Lot to unpack here, definitely think she posted those Tweets at a very distasteful time regardless
I would argue it was bad judgement. I mean Kobewas internationally renown and right after tragically losing his life with his daughter and other families on board and her first response is to drum up an extremely sketchy as fuck rape allegation that he was acquitted for over a decade ago, I mean the guy has spent his retirement being a champion for women in athletics. I understand freedom of speech is an issue here, but it doesnt protect you from being an insensitive cunt and the backlash would have been a headache for any employer.
He wasn’t acquitted. It never went to trial because the victim didn’t want to testify. That’s not acquitted
He's innocent of rape until convicted by a court of law. You're not guilty until acquitted, it's the other way around.
In the eyes of the law. That doesn't mean someone literally didn't do it. I'm not even talking about Kobe here because I have zero knowledge about the case. I'm just sick of people saying "innocent until proven guilty" as though it's a fact or logical razor instead of just a legal principle. OJ Simpson, for example, is a murderer, as is Casey Anthony. R Kelly is guilty of statutory rape, probably way more than just one count. In the law, no. But in real life? They all did it.
Yeah it’s even stronger - it means the state didn’t even have enough evidence to continue pressing charges. Charges dropped = better than a not guilty verdict. Remember jury is always instructed that if they think someone is guilty but there is reasonable doubt they have to vote not guilty. Too many people forget that cornerstone of our justice system.
Let's be real, she was fired because WAPO don't want bad press.
She wasn't fired or suspended. She was reinstated hours before this post was made.
She was suspended. She was reinstated as well. All before this post.
Nothing would have happened if she did the same thing to a non celebrity
She wouldn’t be writing about a non celebrity. They don’t write stories that nobody cares about.
She was suspended because in a reply she accidentally doxed a co worker, nothing to do with any of this, pay attention to the news
I really don't see the problem. She's a journalist who retweeted a story from another journalist. Is that really the bar for someone being suspended from their job and possibly being fired? But then again she works for The Washington Post so it's hard to feel sorry for her. Fuck her. I hope she loses her job.
Damn, this post is ignorant on so many levels I don’t even know how to respond other than just... how do you exercise enough understanding and emotional intelligence to post the first part without being aware of how shitty it is in context of his death. And then that second part is pretty much the same argument as OrAnGe MaN BaaAdd but about the WP
She didn't. The company retracted her suspension and reinstated her due to a backlash from other journalists. There's absolutely no reason she should have any repercussions from reposting a story on social media.
The amount of torment and threats she is going to receive in the next year or so she is better of losing her job and staying away from any social media.. She is fucked, she is literally one of the most hated people in the world right now..
Yeah she did something wrong. This struck a raw nerve, it could have waited until the news was less fresh, not literally an hour or two from release. Tact and respect are important.
The F award I gave you is because F.... how do you not think that a journalist posting an article on his alleged rape JUST HOURS after he and his daughter, along with 9 other people, died? She wasn't suspended for mentioning the alleged rape, she was suspended for exercising horrific judgment in posting thisfl directly after their deaths when millions of people, whether you like it or not, were mourning.
I think she did. This has nothing to do with deifying anyone. This has to do with tact. Something she showed that she had none of. This is why she was suspended and rightfully so.
I think it's actually relevant, regarding celebrity worship and how we overlook the bad things they do.
It may be relevant, but it was still completely tactless. The guy and his daughter JUST died and that bitch takes the first opportunity to post a hit piece against him. There's a few reasons this irks me so much: It was a hit piece on a dead man. He can no longer defend himself against slanderous pieces of shit like her. If I were her boss I would have fired her dumb ass, not suspended her. And black balled her to any future employers. This was already settled out of court. Aside from being an evil bitch, there is absolutely zero reason to post an article like that so soon. Have some fucking respect for the dead, seriously. Also, just because it was settled out of court is by no means an admission of guilt. Idiots like her would assume it is. Her entire approach was completely disgusting and suspending her dumb ass was the least her boss could do.
Yes they did just die. That doesn't mean it should be breaking news on every channel. How many people die every day? I think what she did was make people remember that he was just another person.
Yes and no. Anyone can make allegations. What would be appropriate to bring up would be charges with convictions.
Yeah. Many people, especially those with monry, fame and power get away with shitty acts, including but not only rape and sexual harassment. Cardi B, katy perry, even the US presidents.
Yeah, that’s what I was getting at.
I agree with that - the only reason WaPo thought it was a problem is because of their fear of public reprisal from people who object to opinions that aren't theirs.
Ueah, but the newspaper is not the one who can change this. And a reporter is also somewhat representing, in this case the wapo, the one they are writing for
I disagree. The contract between an employee and their employer is one I support being strong and not arbitrary. In particular, strong employment agreements are essential to the success of journalists' ability to do what they are ostensibly employed to do - reveal facts and truths that are sometimes a challenge to the social status quo but necessary for a healthy society to know. What we see with weak employment contracts, especially for journalism, is the arbitrary and capricious way in which corporate insecurity outweighs what should be a proud burden, to report on noteworthy topics and inform society. Instead, because we deify capitalism, our relationship with information sharing and especially journalism all but precludes any real journalism from occurring, because the priority is to be correct politically and not critical. There, now that I'm done with that soapbox I'll get on another to add this: An employer has a right to expect some level of compliance and decorum from their employees. Certainly, when it is relevant to the company's interests, an employee representing them in public should be expected to do so without risking the respectability or reputation of the company. But where we start to lose our collective shit as a society is at the point where a company can then influence all your speech and punish you for having opinions. I work for one such large company, and my criticism of them is grounds for my termination. Any criticism. Anywhere. Any time. I'm supposed to get their permission to type this. That shit is fucked up, and you will find no ally in me for support of corporate rights in that regard. Was she speaking as an employee? As a journalist? As a private citizen? I have no idea. But maybe we should start considering whether it's the right thing to do to just airlock someone the minute they park it on a hill you don't like. We're all people, we all say shit that pisses someone else off eventually, and to say that somehow that's not okay and that we can all just be disposable corporate mouthpieces or nothing at all is just reprehensible.
She could have waited until the family has time to grieve over loss of a family member. This is seen as very insensitive.
I mean as much as I agree I don't think she has ground to stand on setting as so many journalists, and likely her, only have their jobs to begin with because of that deification of celebrities.
It’s a low class thing to do regardless if someone is a celebrity or not
The timing of it was so impossibly bad. 9 people died includinh his 13 year old daughter. She knew very well she tried to shift the focus to that story, without letting people process their loss first. Its relevant to the parcel of Kobe, yes, but the timing was crazy wrong
I’m at a crossroads. I understand wanting to combat the flood of mourning and praise that ignores something terrible. But I think being respectful is important too - I don’t know where I stand on this.
I'm pretty sure she was suspended for her hostility on twitter, not the actual article being shared.
It’s her job as a journalist to remain unbiased. This clearly shows her personal opinion and her bias.
If journalists were fired for being unbiased, there wouldn't be many left.
Just because every journalist isn’t kept in check doesn’t mean it’s correct for them to push their personal agendas and biases. This is why people struggle to take a news source like FOX news seriously, when the news they report is dripping with personal bias. While it was merely an article she reposted, it clearly shows her biases. It’s irresponsible as a professional. That is all I’m saying.
Good, I prefer quality over quantity anyway.
Nah Im cool with journalists being fired for libel.
Idk if I agree with this as reasonable as it sounds.
Wrong? No. Neither is being a furry, but I'm still gonna tell em to yiff in hell. There's some things you just shouldn't do, even if they aren't morally reprehensible.
She wasn't fired because of the deification of celebrities, she was fired because at a time of great pain and grieving for his family and fans, she decided to drag up a decades old accusation to show her virtue.
She literally posted it hours after he died fuck that hoe.
She is a liability. If she would have won the case she would not have been but she chose not to testify and proceed with a civil suit. Employers are stupid.
Really? Kobe wasn’t convicted of rape. In fact, the “victim” had numerous semen samples les on her person. She refused to cooperate with authorities after that. Kobe was a piece of shit husband at that time. He cheated. Was he a rapist? Nope. This cunt Sonmez just can’t let it go.
he settled out of court and apologized publicly.. why would he do that - on top of buying a golfball sized "im sowwy" diamond for his wife - if he didn't pork her in the mud onion?
Why would he do that??? Ever heard of wrongful convictions? Or being a black man in the United States and maybe not getting a fair trial. Why leave your fate to chance and some strangers when you have the power to control it yourself? It couldn’t possibly be the girl was out for money right? No possibility whatsoever right? I have a friend who was recently proven innocent after a girl accused him of rape. We were supposed to believe her at her word too right?
It’s what the famous folks do when faced with false accusations. A bad settlement is better than a good trial. Especially if there is an NDA.
It’s what the famous folks do when faced with false accusations they pay their accuser and apologize? Seems like you'd be out of money pretty quick with that strategy, Cotton.
Because he porked another woman
I think the controversy was around whether putting it in her ass was rape - I just dont care enough to find out and send a link. Sowwy.
He admits it's rape in his statement, but sure
no he didnt. you would have to have the dumbest lawyer on the planet to admit in a statement released by your lawyer that you raped someone after the charges were dropped. "First, I want to apologize directly to the young woman involved in this incident. I want to apologize to her for my behavior that night and for the consequences she has suffered in the past year. Although this year has been incredibly difficult for me personally, I can only imagine the pain she has had to endure. I also want to apologize to her parents and family members, and to my family and friends and supporters, and to the citizens of Eagle, Colo. "I also want to make it clear that I do not question the motives of this young woman. No money has been paid to this woman. She has agreed that this statement will not be used against me in the civil case. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter. "I issue this statement today fully aware that while one part of this case ends today, another remains. I understand that the civil case against me will go forward. That part of this case will be decided by and between the parties directly involved in the incident and will no longer be a financial or emotional drain on the citizens of the state of Colorado."
Except he paid her to the tune of $2.5 million,which came with paperwork. God damn you're suckin Kobe dick hard. How does rapist taste?
No. He didn’t.
"Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did." He knows she never consented. The definition of rape, ya twat
Key words “she did not and does not view this incident the same the same way I did” he did not admit to rape in that statement
While I agree with what you’re saying, the damning part of this phrase is “did not”, which would imply it was at the time of the incident. If the words “did not and” were omitted from the statement, it would be entirely different...
So if she didn't consent at the time, and she didn't consent afterwards, he raped her. That's how words work, moron
That’s not admitting he raped a woman just stating that he knows she didn’t have the same belief of the encounter as her. That’s a breakdown in communication that can happen in a relationship even though he shouldn’t have done it being a married man
Yeah, that break down is called rape
Yes, he knows she didn't consent you daft turpantine can.
Retracting consent is not rape. The woman had multiple semen samples on her person. Shitty husband, yes. Rapist, no.
The statement said she did not view it the same way at the time, the same way being "consensual". Consenting to sex with others does not mean she consented to him He was a fucking rapist and now there's one less rapist in the world
She saw her money making opportunity with him and got it. Kobe was no saint but he wasn’t a rapist. Racist much? Troll?
He literally admitted it in the statement that she did not consent. All you gotta do is read
Yeah but you still exist, so the world is still pretty shitty.
I dunno I'd say things are looking up! A rapist just died!
No he wasn’t he was a legendary basketball player who was taken too soon
You can be good at sports and also a rapist. He was both
She admitted to having consensual sex the night before and in her state changed into dirty underwear before the rape exam. It was one other person not multiple.
Do you know how to read? twat
Yes. He admits she never consented. Do you know what rape is?
I don’t know what dictionary your using. I agree its not okay if Kobe believed at the time of sex she didn’t want to. Either way, the only one that matters in a legal case is the legal one: rape in California
I agree, but the timing was all wrong.
She didn’t do anything wrong? How so? after re reading the post, she wasn’t fired, only suspended. she brought up a very bad incident directly after he dies along with his daughter? Like I’m pretty sure the guy has paid for his sins, he had to watch his daughter die with him. So yeah, a SUSPENSION is proper punishment for shitposting on a dead guy.
Same. Super confused.
You don't even have to assume. Comedian at shaffir is under fire for the same thing right now. Shows cancelled and everything
That sucks. Comedy is supposed to be the societal outlet point for things we as a culture wouldn't otherwise be able to talk about.
To paraphrase Patrice O'Neal: you can make a joke about whatever you want, but it better be funny. Ari Shaffir's wasn't even clever.
I'm not familiar with what he said. Regardless, it still sucks. Maybe this woman or that comic meant what they said - doesn't really matter, they weren't listened to at all.
That's not the situation in this case though. Im against cancel culture, especially when it comes to comedians, but he wasn't making a joke. That's how much he hated Kobe. He was celebrating his death. There was no attempt at comedy. It was simply "hey remember he raped somebody? Well I do and the world is a better place knowing he's dead." All while smiling and high as fuck
I mentioned in another reply that I don't know who that comedian is or what the joke was. People will be asshats, including comedians, and bad jokes will be made. My remark is only about how comedy is supposed to be a place where you expect to find the more troubled topics, not a defense of this particular joke. If he did something stupid then that's what he did - my point about not airlocking everyone who makes a social faux pas still stands, we do that too often. If he deserved it, then good. If not, that sucks. Judgment is up to you.
Here here.
90% of the posts on this sub dont qualify to be on this sub
I would give you an upvote , but you have 666 already so I'm not touching it.
Come back, someone else took care of ruining it!
Honestly though, it was an interesting read, because of the Family Guy Skit I thought for a second that he did raped that woman. That was one of he first things that popped into my mind when he died. Interesting read thanks!
The uproar is all about the timing. I agree that you can't look at your hero (or anyone for that matter) with black marker censoring the worst parts of their history. You have to remember them in totality, warts and all. However, posting the article so swiftly after his passing felt like a weird grab to get clicks/bring attention to while the tragedy was still fresh in people's hearts. Maybe that's the best time to confront people with unfortunate truths but either way, the reaction was no less surprising because of when she put it out.
That is definitely true. There's no accounting for taste, and even if you have the best of intentions it's all too easy to be misheard and then drowned out. If she was being stupid then she deserved it, but I think there's a good chance it was just the "shoot the messenger" effect with bad tidings and worse timing.
Late reply but when people told me Kobe died, my exact response was "Why do i care that a spoiled, wealthy rapist whose biggest claim to fame is tossing a basketball around?" My friends and I proceeded to crash helicopters on GTAO yelling "kobe" as a joke for the following week. I feel horrible for his daughter and anyone else on the helicopter, but he was insignificant to my life entirely (at best), and a shitty person in general.
He was insignificant to my life as well. I don't bother to defend him against any accusations, I don't know if they are true and I don't even care - I think you and everyone else are entitled to think of him as whatever you like, and if that's as a rapist that's a perfectly valid opinion to have. I think it's absurd that airing your opinion these days is a fire-able offense - there's no discourse or debate anymore, just butt hurt feelings and obstinacy. Also, I think crashing helicopters and yelling "Kobe" is fucking hilarious, we'd get along great.
Sometimes this sub is borderline r/incels. This is one of those times.
I think the content in this sub is usually funny, and I'll admit having an interest in seeing women held to the same standard we expect more broadly, but I really dislike seeing content here that's basically women hating. I think it's dishonest to say "I think it's funny when a woman is held to standard in some outrageous way" if I then immediately say to myself "geez women sure are terrible". The first part of that statement was literally about how I wish that woman's behavior was improved! I'm advocating for her and for society! If I say that but really want to hate women it is at best cognitive dissonance.
What is ‘women hating’ about this...
I feel the same way, but then there's posts like these.
How's so?
So is doing fine, thanks for asking.
OP is literally celebrating a woman being put in her place for pointing out that Kobe might not be such a great guy.
Hahahaha sometimes?
There was a man was had the sane fate at abc i think... i read it yesterday somewhere in reddit. But its laughable that this gets them suspended yet the garbage coming put of every news and newspaper is garbage
Indeed. It's concerning how well we're played by the media beast we've created - we even manufacture the controversy for them when they fail to find any on their own.
How do control 8 billion people... News,church,and scare tactics.
Fear is the most powerful weapon one can wield.
Oh no another virus go spend every penny on water and stay inside indefinitely. Everyone argues over orange man but the fucker is correct the news and media is Americans biggest problem.
Ari Shaffir getting dropped by his talent agency is a perfect example
MeToo ?
?
Just wondering where that movement went?
This post solidified there's a lot of sad ass women haters and incels here. She reported facts on somebody people loved. She did her job. Don't be fucking virgin incels about it. OP, get laid.
This is more of a bye felicia.
I don't think this qualifies for the sub - I would like to assume here that a man with similar timing would have been treated the same in this situation She didn't do anything wrong at all. Kobe confessed, he was guilty, and it NEEDS to be remembered as part of his legacy. Being good at basketball does not erase the bad things he did.
True, however I doubt a man would pull this kind of bullshit, and I have to assume the only reason she did is because she didn't expect to be called out for it, because "mah vagina", therefore I do believe it's a PPD.
I think I want to be more generous than that here, just because there isn't an overwhelming amount of evidence that speaks to me. I can see where you draw your judgment, though.
[deleted]
I can see that being a contributing factor.
I agree.
This is one of the few ones I'd agree with. Nothing in here at all has to do with sex specific preferential treatment towards women and the rejection of that.
She has been reinstated
And now she's supposedly trying to get her boss fired lol
I kinda don't blame her. He raped people.
Allegedly
Like the ginger and boots with that ostrich
The ginger and boots fucked a dead ostrich? I just thought it was sick!?
Just like Kobe...
You don't settle for allegedly. He admits it was rape himself....
Yes you do. It is commonly accepted that celebrities will just settle a case of accusation to avoid media attention regardless if they did or did not do anything. It will cost them more in the long run trying to fight anything. Please provide your source for where he admits it was rape.
Basically he said he thought the rough sex was consensual, she said it was painful and that she bled but when he asked if he could cum on her face she said no, he finished awkwardly, she showed up to her rape examination with another dude’s semen in her panties, she’s a diagnosed schizophrenic...it was basically a giant clusterfuck.
That doesn’t sound like a credible witness.
No, he admits to saying how he can see how she thought it wasn’t consensual even though he thought it was. And to flip the script, you don’t not testify in your own rape case
no he didn't. People don't actually understand what he was saying there.
Ok rapist
So did you. Boom, you're a rapist
Are you fat and hate yourself?
You raped people too.
Yea but maybe writing about it immidiately after his and his daughter's death when he can't defend himself anymore isn't the greatest move? I mean you defend her writing something purely for rageclicks bouncing off someone's death?
This whole don't speak I'll of the dead mindset is kind of useless and has no point so yes, I do not mind it. Pretty sure we all talked shit when binladen died. Bit he threw ball good so he's above it?
Maybe you talked shit, then I hope someone will do the same to you. Ofc it has point as dead people can't defend themselves and it's being lowest of scum behaviour. Whatever he did he paid for it, he is dead. I guess you aren't below kicking dead people.
If I commit terrible, violent crimes, I hope they do. You're using an argument from a moral high ground to defend a rapist. Do you see how that's wierd?
First of all "alleged" rapist as been said, secondly I don't defend rapist but I scorn some hag that wants to get richer of his death. It's not the same.
First of all, you seem to be ignoring him admitting he raped her which has been cited plenty of times in this thread. Or maybe read the report yourself... Secondly, bitch is on a salary. She isn't going to get richer, that's a bullshit argument.
" Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter." This is what he said. After she came drunk to his hotel room etc etc. He didn't admit it. You don't know for certain what happened, it might have been she used him to get free money, wouldn't be first time. Same now, he is dead and someone uses him to get more famous. Secondly ofc she did it for fame and money. You don't believe that "fame" and "recognizability" equals money in her field? She isn't nuclear scientist but writer, and having known name for sure brings her more negotiating power and more people being curious what she has to say etc.
As she should be or at least be reprimanded. This isnt a case of ppd. They initially claimed that she didnt follow the social media guidelines but it seems that they weren't consistent and they weren't even close to approaching a threshold to levy any punishment against her.
Not a PP denied. Where the mods at?
This place has been trash for a hot minute. You think the mods give a fuck?
This sub is turning into an incel circle jerk
Every sub is turning into a circle jerk. Reddit is pretty much shit these days
^ x100000
That happened months ago. It is a full blown incel circle jerk.
Its sad you can see some of the posts are useless with any background to just hate women while some others are actually women being shitty. There are some just women haters here.
I hate the term incel, and find it used as a weapon more often than not, but I agree with this statement.
Hey, I have sex sometimes
Agreed
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
The storyline of The @LAClippers getting it’s first championship and establishing themselves finally after decades of bottom dwelling, is grander than the storyline of @KingJames getting another ring, even with the unfortunate backdrop of Kobe Bryant’s death in our memories.
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Legends come in pairs but we call them rivals 

Messi $ Ronaldo

Kobe Bryant $ Shaw O’Neil 

Roger Federer $ Rafael nadal 

Dwayne Johnson $ vin diesel 

Nicki Minaj $ Cardi B

Wizkid $ Davido 

Add yours
¡Qué bueno @NicoMegias! Un profesor muy original. Para homenajear a Kobe Bryant, puso un examen de matemáticas a sus alumnos de 4º de Primaria, con problemas que hacían referencia al recientemente fallecido exjugador de los Lakers. Y nos da que así las lecciones entran mejor ¿no? https://t.co/F9fyq5r4Kf
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Video Mosaic dedicated to celebrating the life of Los Angeles Legend Kobe Bryant and his daughter Gianna (Gigi) Bryant who passed away on 26/01/2020. 
#kobe #kobebryant #blackmamba #lakers #nba #basketball #mambamentality #losangeles #mvp #k #ballislife #lakernation #goat #mamba https://t.co/nhSuhPZgb6
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
kobe bryant'? ne çabuk unuttunuz
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
17 years ago today, prime Kobe Bryant erupts for 52 points and posterizes Yao Ming with a baseline tomahawk jam.

It was his 6th consecutive game with at least 40 and his 10th straight with at least 35. https://t.co/WVaUouaXSL
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Kobe Bryant y su muerte siguen siendo tema de conversación y más ahora que se reveló algo muy decepcionante sobre la tumba del exbasquetbolista y la gran mentira quedó al descubierto.
https://t.co/14AMsmqIfe https://t.co/WGpmAst4Bn
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Video Mosaic dedicated to celebrating the life of Los Angeles Legend Kobe Bryant and his daughter Gianna (Gigi) Bryant who passed away on 26/01/2020. 
#kobe #kobebryant #blackmamba #lakers #nba #basketball #mambamentality #losangeles #mvp #k #ballislife #lakernation #goat #mamba https://t.co/nhSuhPZgb6
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
“Kobe Bryant legacy”
Who ready ????? https://t.co/glJW0sCjle
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Nah, ABC.   You can’t be trusted. 

Remembering: 
Covington kids... Amy Robach /Epstein debacle.... Brian Ross /Flynn ..... Kobe Bryant..... Benghazi.... to name a few.  

We’ll pass on this BS. https://t.co/VCJV5H9n2V
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Beautiful tribute to Kobe Bryant from Takehiko Inoue in the new Real chapter https://t.co/EKFF6sO7fl
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Kobe Bryant coaching up GiGi’s team ?  

 https://t.co/nCSpRlq4Fk
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
pq à chaque fois que quelqu’un mort genre juice wrld, ou pop smoke ou kobe bryant vous allez le follow ? https://t.co/zAEphhUcH2
Beautiful tribute to Kobe Bryant from Takehiko Inoue in the new Real chapter https://t.co/EKFF6sO7fl
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Legends come in pairs but we call them rivals 

Messi $ Ronaldo

Kobe Bryant $ Shaw O’Neil 

Roger Federer $ Rafael nadal 

Dwayne Johnson $ vin diesel 

Nicki Minaj $ Cardi B

Wizkid $ Davido 

Add yours
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
In 3 months we’ve loss Pop Smoke, Kobe Bryant and JuiceWRLD, think about that, death is fast and unexpected. https://t.co/e1elsgfjaA
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
