Given his relation to CSGO and the plethora of rumors surrounding this crash on Twitter and in the media, it should be noted that the rumors alleging that Rick Fox was also aboard the helicopter are reported to be false by his daughter and multiple other sources. Please do not spread this rumor as it detracts from the focus of this tragedy. Unfortunately, however, TMZ does report that his daughter Gianna Bryant was with Kobe in the helicopter and died alongside her father in the crash.
Wow had no idea he passed today. Rip Kobe. Man was a legend.
Yeah, it wasn't the most pleasant way to go either, apparently his kids may have died with him but everything is still unconfirmed Either way it's sad Edit: Apparently it's confirmed that his 13 year old daughter was with him on the helicopter, Rest in Peace to them both, that shit is so sad
From what ive seen on twitter its been confirmed one of his daughters was on the helicopter and Rick fox has also been confirmed to have not been involved in the crash. really wish people wouldnt just say shit on twitter / shitty online news articles for clicks.
TMZ confirmed his oldest daughter was on board. RIP. EDIT: Second oldest.
Not his oldest, he had a 17-year old. Gianna was his second daughter, she was 13.
damn
Didn't Rick Fox co-own Echo Fox or Misfits or NRG or something?
Yeah he owned echo fox but shit went down within the org with racist investors or something. He now just plays an absolute shit ton of league because he loves the game and fills his competitive needs.
yeah echo fox because his son was super into league so he got into the esports side to connect with him
God imagine having so much money that you'd buy a gaming team to connect with your son.
Imagine being such a cool dad you'd start a esports org to connect with your son
Imagine being such a cool dad you’d not reject their differences from you and rather embrace those differences
echo fox, pretty sure he's founder and CEO
It's confirmed that he's safe and well now thankfully
Echo fox yeah but there was a big ass scandal and a lotta bullshit
Thought it was confirmed Rick wasn't on as well
Yeah was not very sure of it just saw it on twitter and his son didnt confirm or deny it
Fox's daughter officially confirmed he was not on board.
Got it thanks to see ill fix my comment now
Kobes daughter was on board
One daughter was confirmed on board.
Forever to be remembered every time a grande grants us the joy of a frag
Kind of weird looking at how he died in an explosion ...
The universe works in mysterious ways, right?
It won't feel the same now. I've been following him for years and said Kobe so many times in game. Now I'll just feel sad whenever I say it.
Kobe would want you to shoot
you say it in his honor man
Last match I played we bought maxes every round for Kobe. We won for Kobe
Maxes?
nades autocorrected to maxes?
Makes sense, m is next to n and x is next to d so the autocorrector probably thought maxes would fit when nades isnt really a word people use much
now we say "For Kobe" instead
But you have to now. We can never stop.
The positive is that Kobe never felt the loss of his daughter and Gianna never felt the loss of her father. It's the people alive that suffer. So, if you are feeling sad, distraught, devastated, don't feel afraid to talk about it. Admitting the problem can help you overcome it. I hope his family has the strength to get through this horrible accident.
I just keep thinking about his Daughter, she had her whole life ahead of her and it's gone just like that Kobe was able to give his family everything, they had everything they could ever want or need and BAM it's all gone just like that, shit is fucking crazy
That's life. You never know when your time is. That's why it's important to live your life well, every second is important and you never really know how much you got.
He wasn't even that old himself. Only 41, had at least 40 in him likely. Didn't get to see himself make it into the Hall of Fame. RIP Kobe.
I just keep thinking about his Daughter, she had her whole life ahead of her and it's gone just like that The thing is, Kobe had so much ahead of him too. Like, some athletes, once they retire you can pretty much figure they'll be out of the public eye outside of sporadic public appearances, etc. In the few years since he's retired, Kobe's won a fucking Oscar. Dude had an investment fund he was working on, and a plethora of other activities and shit. Dude was keeping active, dude had so much left to accomplish, and with his work ethic I wouldn't have bet against the man.
Yeet for distance, Kobe for accuracy.
Kobe for every nade tbh
Y o b e
Yeebe
Yoda
rest in power, one of the greatest every HE will be in his name
amen
I was in a comp game when the news dropped, and both our teams decided to throw grenades at each other in mid as a tribute
I joined a comp match about 30 min after the news dropped and there was a guy in there named Kobe Bryant who had no idea Kobe has actually died. He change his name to Rip Kobe and then everyone else in the lobby did too
What was his rank?
Silver 5 IIRC
I’m silver 4 so could be possible
Just played with that rip Kobe dude
Probably a different person
Probably but, there is a chance
wholesome :)
I think I was in that game... Was it on Cache? I'm moist butts if it was.
Hey man, that's really wholesome, can you please share the demo?
I played one game today and won on a nade kill
super fucking wholesome
Might feel a bit weird to yell his name when somebody dies in a fiery explosion now =/ but I don't think we should change it. Rest in peace, Kobe.
Less fiery, more...dusty? HE's don't make fire
Oops, good point.
The dust, it's in my eyes!
I'm just glad that I wasn't the only one to immediately think about this when I heard the news. RIP Kobe I will remember you with every frag out!
Every nade kill in every game must from now on be followed by a quick point to the heavens
Let's all memorialize Kobe Bryant by posting our best/favorite HE grenade moments in CS history. I'll start by posting Dosia's HE grenade vs Immortals in the grand final of the PGL Krakow 2017 major. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzeuySdai40
It’s funny cause Kobe wouldn’t want you to change it knowing he would pass like this LEGEND
He'll be remembered every time someone tosses something in a trash can too. It's incredible the impact one dude playing sports can have on society. RiP to The Mamba.
Now would be the perfect time for the first HE skin. Would be an awesome way for CSGO to acknowledge how he transcended basketball. Either black snakeskin for the Black Mamba or a purple/yellow Lakers design.
Or just a basketball?
I mean, sure! But imo if you’re going to make the effort, then take the extra step to tie it directly to Kobe.
Basketball 24 on one side and 8 on the other would be nice
If they did it, it should be free like the lab rat mp5(?).
Absolutely. It would be scummy af to profit off of someone's death like that.
People have said Kobe for throwing all sorts of things. Isn't just a CSGO thing. Good for his memory nonetheless.
Kids at my school said it for a solid few years when throwing things across the room before I graduated last year
Kids were saying that shit 10 years ago before I graduated highschool.
Longer. Been like 15 years since that skit on Chappelle's Show. He's sitting on the bed and yells "Kobe!" when he throws a condom in the trash.
Kids were saying that 15 years ago
Yeah I remember hearing it all the way back in elementary too, but it just had a weird resurgence at my school where everyone was doing it for a while. Was enjoyable, people can make some crazy shots
Exactly. But that just shows how influential and amazing he was at his job.
Staple of beer pong isolation shots
Came to newest exactly for this ?
Same, I've been scrolling through everything Kobe related the past hour just soaking it all in still. Haven't even played CS:GO in a few years now after playing daily during high school. Weird seeing how many people had the same idea to check this sub after the news.
Rest in Peace Kobe
I actually found out he had passed during a game, someone told us in the chat. I am incredibly sad, my favorite player ever. He will forever be immortalized, amongst many other ways, as Kobe will always be sung when a grenade is thrown.
Kobe is really special for counter strike community. When a player killed by a hand grenade from long distances or hard angles, you can see hundreds of people spamming KOBEEE on chat. Not Jordan, not LeBron or not some other legend player. It was always Kobe and it will always be. And now it's more meaningful than ever, whenever a KOBEEE moment happen we remember his memory. Rest in peace Legend.
rip to all 9 people in that helicopter
It’s insane how wide Kobe’s impact was.
You may have a point because I learned of his death from your post
Shocked to see a tribute here. ??
It would be cool to see a small mark added to the HE texture in his honor.
This shit hit home. As for someone who also plays sports, and video games, his name is part of the norm in both worlds. His name made me want to be like him, his name kept the comedy going during a good comp session in cs, his name will forever be with us. A coworker told me about the news while we were working, and after 9 hours it still hasn't clicked in my head that Kobe really is gone. I never knew the man personally, but I know the whole world grieves, especially for his daughter. It's just, sad knowing that we could just die doing our normal routine (They were heading to practice at Mamba Academy I heard). Gianna had so much in front of her at 13 years old, and she had her dad to lead her through. Rest in Piece Kobe, the whole world will never forget you. You have connected everyone through your name.
I was playing CSGO when someone on my team told me he died. He somehow found out 6 minutes after the first couple articles were posted.
Hit a few in some comps tonight, rip to the goat ?
You can thank Dave Chappelle for that.
How so? Did he do it in a skit or something?
Yeah, he did a sketch where he yelled “Kobe!” Before throwing something which started the meme like a decade or so ago.
It was a meme before he did that. That's why he did it.
We were yelling Kobe all the way back in 1.6.
Unfortunately, this is real. EDIT: TMZ: 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria Onore -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221537476893925376 Sources: Kobe Bryant was on his way to a travel basketball game with his daughter Gianna when the helicopter crashed. Those aboard the helicopter also included another player and parent.
Man. Kobe is just one of those people you think "they'll be around for years". death is a bitch.
Yeah, I could see him being an ambassador and involved in the league for years to come. This is so sudden.
He was really starting to get the hang of it in TV and radio too. He had decades of sportscasting left in him
Yeah, we were supposed to grow old and see guys like him, MJ, LeBron, etc like we do Bill Russell today. He's not supposed to just leave so sudden like this.
Yea but we have Charles Barkley
I'm glad for the guys we have too. You just never think about such a huge figure like Kobe just dying as young as he does. That's not supposed to happen.
Crumpling and tossing paper balls into trash cans and shouting Kobe will never feel the same, honestly. RIP.
As Chicago kids we used to say Kobe when we missed. This is so sad though, he’s one of those guys you know that was going to do something great in retirement. Sad day for sports and all involved
Did it just this weekend too :/
Even people who aren't into sports know who Kobe Bryant is, this is huge news. RIP
Can confirm. Not into basketball, know about Kobe. Autocorrect keeps changing 'Kobe' to 'Love'. Even autocorrect loves Kobe.
Yup. I haven't followed basketball in years and this still hit me a little. I didn't even like the Lakers. That's just how good he was If you throw something for power, you say 'Yeet'. If you throw something for accuracy, you say 'Kobe'. Imma be sad throwing paper towels into trashcans for a while
TMZ wouldn't put this out without verification, so I guess this is real. RIP
They may be annoying tabloid journalists most of the time, but they wouldn't fuck around with someone dying. Insane.
Apparently they got the Prince death story out hours before other outlets
Apparently they got the Prince death story out hours before other outlets Thought you gonna say "they got the Prince death story out hours before he died"
"Whoops! It looks like our sources were wrong! I can't believe I accidentally posted this article!" Head of TMZ loading gun: "No... We never get the story wrong. Don't worry, we'll make it right."
That pretty much sounds like Harvey.
Lol quick way to set yourself up for murder investigation. “our sources tell us prince will be dead in an hour”
[deleted]
They got Michael Jackson's death long before everyone else.
They are renowned for fast and accurate reporting on celebrity news, especially dark news like this. It's truly remarkable. I never doubt their accuracy even though they are a trashy tabloid rag.
All sorts of magazines have put it out now, I really can't believe this holy shit it's so surreal
Kobe Bryant died in a helicoper crash in Calabasas Sunday morning ... TMZ Sports has confirmed. Kobe was traveling with at least 3 other people in his private helicopter when it went down. A fire broke out. Emergency personnel responded, but nobody on board survived. 5 people are confirmed dead. We're told Vanessa Bryant was not among those on board. The cause of the crash is under investigation. Kobe has famously used a helicopter to travel for years -- dating back to when he played for the Lakers. He was known for commuting from Newport Beach, CA to the STAPLES Center in DTLA in his Sikorsky S-76 chopper. KB is survived by his wife Vanessa, and their four daughters -- Gianna, Natalia and Bianca and their newborn Capri.
Damn, 4 kids without their dad. Horrificly sad. Edit: It looks like one of the kids was in the helicopter...
ABC just reported his daughters were with him but not Vanessa...fahhhhhkkkk (Edit)Kids being involved no longer being reported by ABC. Matt Gutman never stuck me as a bullshit artist but he better have a very good reason he said that on a special report breaking into a national broadcast like the pro bowl. (Second edit) TMZ confirming that one daughter at least was with him, Gianna (Gigi) and they were en route to basketball practice for her at Kobe's Mamba Academy. https://www.tmz.com/
They said his daughters were with him and all died then immediately said that it’s not confirmed and they don’t know that. What the fuck kind of reporting is that. Edit : for everyone commenting on this, this was ABC news reporting this bullshit during a cut in the middle of the pro bowl. TMZ did not say this, their article stuck to the facts as far as I can tell. Edit 2: apparently tmz now reporting 1 daughter was in fact on the helicopter. Edit 3: some more top notch reporting from MSNBC this time. probably nsfw
Shit reporting.
Made u click... oops
They drop a bomb and then say "don't quote us on that", basically. Shitty journalism, but very effective on getting views and clicks.
I really hope this isn't true:(
No fucking way
I’ve never been in such shock over an athlete’s death, dude is an absolute icon and a legend already and is gone at such a young age
I'm in the same boat. I've never been a huge fan of basketball, but you hear these names over and over again and I have immense respect for them. My heart sunk when I saw the news.
I don't think I've even watched a full basketball game but I'm shocked and saddened, in that boat with you.
I was just watching the Hoosiers game and heard breaking news. Saw Bryant's picture and my jaw dropped, only because he was at the game just the other night to congratulate James on passing him in points...
He was literally at a Lakers game like yesterday. How unreliably terrible for this to happen. Shooting while saying his name was something everyone on the playground did. What an absolute legend.
Every trash bin toss ever
I will be yelling "KOBE!" every time I throw some wadded up paper into the trash can for the rest of my life.
Literally just did it yesterday in front of everyone at work. Looked cool as shit. This is sad.
Lebron broke his all time scoring record yesterday. This is some freaky shit.
Googled Kobe and the first thing to pop up is a tweet from him congratulating Lebron 17 hours ago. Feels so surreal right now.
Yeah, for some reason people dying and having a twitter feed freaks me out. You see a post from a few hours ago like theyre still alive living life... and that's the last thing they ever post. What the hell. It's so weird and surreal and unsettling.
ABC cut away from the Pro Bowl broadcast to report about it, the anchor must've repeated the line "Kobe Bryant is dead" 8 times and the sentence still isn't computing for me.
I think this is the most heartfelt reaction ive seen from the public since robin williams
In terms of “no way”, I haven’t felt this way since Jose Fernandez (2016) and I’m sure a lot of people agree if they follow baseball. But even Fernandez didn’t have nearly the same kind of clout that Kobe did. Fernandez was an up and coming baseball star, but man if Kobe isn’t an American icon. Thats how it goes I guess
This is just so goddamn unbelievable. Not even a basketball fan but everyone knows that Kobe was just an amazing athlete
12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. Via TMZ
She's the one who's really good at basketball isn't she?
Article I read said yes, was an up-and-coming player herself. RIP such a loss of proven talent and potential in that crash.
I can't imagine how his wife, who was his highschool sweetheart for more than 20 years, feels right now....
Yea. Watch her clips. She was very talented at a young age. RIP
TMZ broke the news when Michael Jackson died. I trust them with this. Damn.
RIP to the legend. He tweeted literally 16 hours ago about Lebron passing him in points. That's so surreal.
Absolutely terrible news. Kobe was an absolute legend, to put it very short. For him to go out like this? This is just terrible.
This is absolutely nuts, so young. Definitely a sports tragedy that will be talked about for a long time
RIP Kobe. Man when I was in high school and played basketball north of LA he and Shaq were gods. Wow can’t believe this.
My heart is shattered. Grew up watching him - I can’t believe this is real. RIP Mamba
I think many of the most recent celeb deaths were sad but not many completely shocked me. A lot of them linked with depression, drugs, suicide and OD which is unfortunate but not entirely unexpected. Helicopter crash at 41 though is just something else entirely... NBA icon, worldwide legend. Not an infallible person, but seemed to be hitting his golden years and trying to spread good. Will be missed and remembered internationally.
Just after LeBron passed him in all time scoring... unreal
Reading a story from last night, LeBron writing Kobe's number on his sneakers before the game, reflecting on how much Kobe meant to him, commenting on how "surreal" it was to be in Philadelphia, the city that Kobe grew up in, wearing a Lakers' jersey, exceeding his idol. This just adds another level to the surreal-ness of it. I feel like these two guys will be tied together in basketball history because of the timing of this.
Yeah, thats crazy that he did it in Philly.
And Kobe's last tweet is @ KingJames and calls him a brother... phucccckkkk
I was at the game and everyone was speculating he would be there to see it happen. Crazy.
Jesus Christ the timing. My God this is unbelievable
If I ever get famous I will never get in a small aircraft.
Randy Rhodes and SRV
Aaliyah too
Buddy Holly, quite a bit of Lynard Skynard.
Roy Halladay
Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, former owner of Leicester City.
John Denver
The entire Lokomotiv Yaroslavl hockey team
Travis Barker of Blink-182 *did not die but witnessed friends die and severely burned
Twice
also Ritchie Valens he was only 17
It’s spelled Lynyrd Skynyrd. It’s easy to remember because all of the vowels are Y.
Patsy Kline. Ritchie Valens. Big Bopper
I mean, the only reason so many famous people die in small aircraft accidents is because you need to be rich to use one enough for the odds to catch up with you
Sean Bean famously refused helicopter rides during the filming of LotR. He'd literally hike up mountains instead.
His death will def overshadow the other passengers but I just wanna say R.I.P all of you
There are reports that it was his kid with him.
One daughter https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
Un fucking real. Kobe had his troubles but fucking A I loved watching him play. Was just watching his all star highlights when he played with MJ in 98. Can't believe he's dead.
Care to share some of those highlights? Not because I can't search them myself, really just to share a moment.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WQbjMvtgIQ
Only 41, damn
I’m 41 and that makes it even harder to deal with. I couldn’t imaging dying and leaving my family now.
http://m.startribune.com/helicopter-crash-sparks-brush-fire-in-southern-california/567309512/ a crash has happened.
Is it just me or do an inordinate amount of celebrities die in aviation accidents? I guess it’s more expensive to travel via helicopter, so it makes sense... At this point, I’d just avoid helicopters and small private jets altogether if I were a celeb.
Probably due to the odds. Average wealth Joe Shmoe isn’t flying in private helicopters or jets.
Original article about the crash https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/helicopter-crash-sparks-brush-fire-southern-california-68544967
First celebrity death to hit me this hard, Kobe transcended sport. Mamba forever
Who googled this believing it was fake and got hit with some fucked up reality, damm
Tbh this is one of the most shocking celebrity deaths I've encoutered. Idk why but I just didn't expect this one at all.
Send out some love for the John Altobelli family. Both mother, father, and daughter died in the Helicopter crash. Leaving behind 2 children.?
Holy crap. Doesn't feel real
It's real. https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486?s=19
Let's try and keep the comments here civil. You don't have to like Kobe, but celebrating his death, making jokes about it, and wishing death/threatening other people still violates our rules. Users who threaten other people will be banned on sight.
Leaving your house and returning safely is such an underrated blessing.
Not too long ago he was pictured alongside his daughter at a basketball game and they seemed so close. She also died today. Rest in peace Kobe and Gianna. Okay guys I keep getting some pretty fucked up messages in my inbox. If you have a problem, especially if it was because he was black, please swallow your cowardice and post it here so you can get the ridicule you deserve.
Kobe was once asked by a reporter something along the lines of "Don't you want a son so that he can follow in your footsteps?" and Kobe's response was: "Why do I need a son? I have a daughter to carry on my legacy when I'm gone." Right in the feels..
It's terribly sad. I was at that game with my brother (Dec 29 v. Mavericks) when Kobe and Gianna were courtside. The Lakers IG account posted a picture of him on the floor wearing a bright orange jacket, so we looked for him and sure enough there he was. It was a nice surprise now turned into a somber memory, considering that game was also my Christmas gift to my brother who's been a die-hard fan for over 20 years. Those tickets ended up being the last time we would get to see him (and his daughter) alive. RIP : (
12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
You know what gets me... Going down in a helicopter crash must be traumatic as it is. Having your daughter next to you while it's going down, trying to comfort her, hold her, knowing this is the end. Breaks my heart ?
Yeah, man. Knowing you're about to die is one thing, knowing your kid is going with you... I can't even begin to imagine. Just unbelievably sad.
I do wonder how much awareness they actually had. Reports were saying it was super foggy with bad visibility. They may have just started dropped with alarms going off, but had no awareness of how close to the ground they were. Terrifying to think about.
[deleted]
I watched the radar, they went up 700 ft extremely fast and then radar was lost. Most likely means alarm went off and pilot tried to climb through ifr but couldn’t top it.
That’s so incredibly sad.
I can't imagine how heartbreaking it must be to lose a daughter and husband in the same accident
Worst day of his wife’s life. This is so incredibly sad
He legit just had another daughter like 3 months ago too
And just went to LeBron yesterday Can't imagine how him and Shaq feel rn
Craziest thing is Shaq’s daughter Mearah is just six minutes younger than Kobe’s daughter GiGi, who perished along with Kobe in the accident. Source: http://www.contactmusic.com/shaquille-o-neal/news/shaq-is-a-dad-six-minutes-after-kobe_02_05_2006 It must hit even closer to home for him... Edited for clarity
Here is Shaqs response “There’s no words to express the pain Im going through with this tragedy of loosing my neice Gigi & my brother @kobebryant I love u and u will be missed. My condolences goes out to the Bryant family and the families of the other passengers on board. IM SICK RIGHT NOW”
The fact that I can't even imagine Shaq being anything other than a bright and vibrant person makes his response sting even more.
I've got a feeling Shaq's gonna hug his daughter real tight tonight. This is such a shitty thing to happen. Kobe was just starting to enjoy settling down.
A friend of mine lost here ENTIRE family in a charter jet when she was 20. Three sisters, and both parent. Incredibly sad. She's one of the sweetest people I know.
How is she doing now? I just can’t even wrap my brain around that magnitude of loss; of heartbreak.
Yeah seriously. I don't even feel anything trying to imagine my whole family dying, seems so impossible...
Similar thing happened in my town when I was a kid. A lady lost her husband and three kids. They all drowned in some kind of bad weather boating incident.
This basically happened in my backyard. As a pilot myself, visibility was incredibly low and it looks like they flew into a mountain under IFR. Edit: listened to the ATC recording and after reading more about the flight, this pilot was trying to fly VFR under really low ceiling in a low mountainous region. The clip I listened to was a transition from Burbank class C airspace to Van Nuys class D (my home airport). Van Nuys cleared the pilot to follow the 101 freeway, which is just south of the field, towards Camarillo. Presumably, the pilot was too low to receive traffic alerts and instruction from the SoCal radar center and that was the last he was heard of. Convinced this pilot tried to squeeze between the mountain and the low cloud layer. The helicopter they were in is multi engine and has an incredibly low mechanical failure rate. I’m not going to blame the pilot without details but most aviation accidents are due to pilot error and the way this is developing is making me think that’s the case here. Edit 2: according to reports, even LAPD helicopters were grounded due to weather this morning and they usually rotate 4 airships at all times.
Is IFR instrumentation in helis much different then planes? I swear I've heard numerous instances of helicopters just straight up flying into shit under IFR conditions.
TMZ reporting Kobe's 13 year old daughter also killed in crash. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
He was always posting and bragging about his daughters. This makes it so much more heartbreaking for some reason. His poor wife
He probably was taking her to do something fun
They were on the way to her basketball practice :(
God, his poor wife. And with a newborn at home too.
https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ Updated article for those who want to read it.
Jesus. Those poor people. Helicopters have always terrified me and this certainly adds to that fear.
He famously would regularly take a helicopter to home games in his playing days.
[deleted]
That's a big deal. At his level, he didn't have to do any of that.
Most people at that level wouldn't have done any of that, if not expected their security to remove the kid.
That’s a hell of a good story. RIP
LA authorities confirming that it's accurate. He perished along with four other passengers. https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486 EDIT: As noted elsewhere, his 13-year old daughter, Gianna, also died in the wreck. His wife Vanessa and former Laker Rick Fox were not aboard at the time of the crash. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ EDIT #2: Worse news. It's being reported that the death toll is up to nine - eight passengers and the pilot.
Wish his wife and daughters the best. That's gotta be real tough. Edit: Just got wind of the update.. that hurts.
Only 41 years old. Incredibly sad.
Retired just a few years ago. Congratulated LeBron on passing him on the scoring list last night. He had young kids he was excited to spend time with, including coaching his daughter's basketball team. I can't believe it.
He packed so much into 41 years. LEGEND.
It's so sad. At 41 it was like his life just begun and he could wind down and hang out with the family. Totally fucked.
I can't believe this is true, I had to check like 4 other places to confirm. This is fucking terrible
During the live press conference, the sheriff said that they believe there were 9 people on board, a pilot and 8 passengers. He also called out TMZ for being wildly inappropriate and said “imagine finding out a loved one has died through social media”, he has requested that people stop speculating who was on board and to keep their loved ones in mind. Edit: I watched the rest, this time the man that spoke before the sheriff came back (man with a grey streak in his hair, dark green shirt and dark skin): they don’t know anything for sure yet. They received the report 9:47 AM, arrived 8 minutes later and due to magnesium, the fire took one hour to extinguish. The coroner is on site with a team and they’re working hard to get answers. They don’t know what happened, they don’t know where the helicopter took off, they don’t know for sure where it was going (these three questions kept being asked). It will take some time to identify everyone and to notify the next of kin, he once again stressed for people to stop speculating and to keep loved ones on mind. The area that they are investigating is “about an acre”, that’s also where they expect most debris to be at and where bushes were on fire. Honestly, it was him constantly repeating that they don’t know what happened yet since the press kept asking the same questions. They also kept pestering him about “taking an hour to extinguish” - but again, that’s because of the magnesium. After that they called for a spokesperson that can speak Spanish and I turned it off. Good news article here that has a better summary of the conference and updates.
Crazy, I was just reading how LeBron honored him last night with “Mamba 4 Life” written on his shoes. So eerie. https://clutchpoints.com/lakers-news-lebron-james-honors-kobe-bryant-through-his-shoes-vs-sixers
Kobe’s last social media posts were also congratulating LeBron.
Kobe's daughter GiGi (Gianna, 13) also confirmed on board the helicopter and deceased.
I’ll always remember him as an under aged teenager that came to my bar in a nightclub in LA not long after signing with the Lakers. I remember being nervous that he would order a drink and I’d have to be in the uncomfortable position of carding him, knowing he was under 21. At the time we had some other out of control under aged celebs that created drama (Leo DeCaprio I’m talking to you) When Kobe got to the bar, he ordered an Evian. My wife tried finding my autographed jersey but could only find this
More stories pls
My assistant had a framed picture of he and Kobe looking like best friends. He worked as an usher at Staples. One day he asked if he could get a pic and Kobe took it to the extreme and spent a while hanging out and mugging for pics with him. By all accounts I know he was incredibly generous and patient for his fans.
Of course he did. He had to be at the gym at 4am to practice shooting.
Not the news I was expecting this morning. RIP to one of the greatest to play.
Lebron just beat Kobe’s scoring record last night. Freaky timing.
His last post was of him and LeBron ?
His last tweet. Makes it so much more surreal that he's suddenly just gone.
Some of those replies are absolutely shameful. What a toxic place twitter has become.
My husband actually didn't believe he died for a minute because he saw the headline and thought it was a joke about that.
I have this weird thing where when I hear about plane crashes, I imagine what the final seconds of those peoples’ lives are like - what they’re thinking, saying, what their faces look like. It just makes me that much more sad but it always happens.
[deleted]
I do this too and it usually gives me crazy anxiety and I feel sick to my stomach. Just goes to show myself that no matter how privileged and extravagant his life probably was, death in that manner in the last seconds/minutes doesn’t care about how much money you have or how much the world adores you — we all would die the same way with the same fear running through us as he did.
I was on a commercial flight years ago that lost power and cabin pressure at 30,000 feet. We plummeted 20,000 feet before they got power back up, and then spent another 15 minutes at 10,000 feet with the most insane turbulence I’ve ever felt trying to make it to another airport for an emergency landing. During that time when everything was dark and we were just falling, I was filled with intense fear and so many other emotions. Outside of the extreme fear and anxiety I was feeling, the only other thing going through my head was how can I say goodbye to my family. I was frantically trying to turn my phone on in hopes of writing a goodbye letter in my notepad and text messages in hopes that they would at least find it in the wreckage if we crashed. It’s been over ten years now since it happened and I still get extreme anxiety anytime I’m flying and we start to descend in altitude. The first few years flying after that I needed to take large amounts of Xanax to even get on a plane. Every time I read about a crash like this it brings back so much anxiety.
Clutching his daughter and telling her it would be ok I'm sure. So awful. My heart hurts.
This was exactly what I pictured too. Him grabbing his daughter trying to keep her calm as they fall into inevitable death. So depressing.
That just means you have empathy, which is good.
I went to high school with Kobe. He was a senior when I was a freshman. Seniors are already larger than life to freshman but can you imagine having Kobe as your idol, 360 dunking IN GAME, taking Brandy to the prom etc. When I was a senior he would always hook the team up with Adidas gear and come visit Coach Downer once in a while & give us a pep talk. He made me believe that anything is possible. This news makes me sick to my stomach but I promise if Kobe could speak he would say don't be sad because he achieved all his dreams and then some. He would probably want us to focus on our own aspirations and pray for the families of the other four who died. He was as fierce a competitor you could find, but off the court was a gentleman, a beautiful dichotomy. RIP I still cant believe it.
He flew just two weeks ago to pretty much the middle of nowhere (Central Washington State - apologies to my fellow Cashmere residents) to see one of his students play in high school. That's pretty amazing to take the time. https://www.wenatcheeworld.com/sports/local/van-lith-and-cashmere-girls-dominate-in-front-of-kobe/article_1574c068-34fa-11ea-a37d-4ff2965c9f59.html
He was a household name. Whether you watched basketball or not, you knew who Kobe Bryant was. He's going to be sorely missed.
Yup. I know nothing about basketball, I don't know what team he played on, but even I know Kobe
I know Kobe from watching fps gamers yell his name while throwing grenades. Surreal shit.
From Kobe's "Dear Basketball," animated by Glen Keane and music by John Williams. "It's time to say goodbye and that's okay I'm ready to let you go I want you to know now So we both can savor every moment we have left together The good and the bad we have given each other all that we have and we both know no matter what I do next I'll always be that kid with rolled-up socks, garbage can in the corner, five seconds on the clock, ball in my hand. Five, four, three, two, one" -Kobe
I was lucky enough to see him narrate it live at a John Williams concert at the Hollywood Bowl, I didn’t even know he was going to be there. The absolute love and passion he had for basketball was so evident.
Kobe's sports career in numbers: 4th highest all-time NBA scorer - 33,643 5× NBA champion (2000–2002, 2009, 2010) 2× NBA Finals MVP (2009, 2010) NBA Most Valuable Player (2008) 18× NBA All-Star (1998, 2000–2016) 4× NBA All-Star Game MVP (2002, 2007, 2009, 2011) 11× All-NBA First Team (2002–2004, 2006–2013) 2× All-NBA Second Team (2000, 2001) 2× All-NBA Third Team (1999, 2005) 9× NBA All-Defensive First Team (2000, 2003, 2004, 2006–2011) 3× NBA All-Defensive Second Team 2 x Olympic Gold Medalist (2008, 2012) 1x Academy Award (Best animated short film - 2018) Rest in Peace Kobe... EDIT: Added some additional achievements, thank you to everyone who was pointing out missing ones! EDIT2: Truely a sad day... RIP Gianna as well...
Not to mention he was an Academy Award winner
Such a great short. It’s moving, beautiful, and inspiring even if you don’t care about basketball or sports in general. Edit: link if anyone wants to see it: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ziUc0OCDmoU
Dear Basketball
yelling "KOBE" when shootin hoops will never be the same
Now you are invoking his spirit to guide your shot, making it more effective
Kobe is my STAND now
It’s even more important now
His last tweet 16 hours ago congratulating LeBron on passing his scoring record. Just goes to show you never know when you’re going to go. Sad and creepy.
The only thing we all have in common is no one is guaranteed tomorrow. This life is hard more often than not, but we gotta try to make the most of it. RIP to those gone too soon.
My dad was killed in a helicopter crash a few years ago. It's such a life-altering experience. I grieve so much for his wife and all she'll be going through. Edit: Thank you for the Platinum. I'm humbled by all the kindness and words of support.
Likewise. And by chance, the same model helicopter as with Kobe, an S76. For my father at least it was in pitch black and the imminent crash wasn’t known. For Kobe I hope that they too did not know it was coming.
I'm so sorry. It's not a fun club to be a member of.
This type of news makes you think that no matter who you are, you never know when your time will come. Not money, fame, nor popularity will save you from such a catastrophic event. I’ve had a loss recently and it made me just appreciate the moments you really have on this planet. It puts life in perspective and I hope this not just be a news article but a way for people to enjoy the moments they have with their family and loved ones. Go out and explore, do shit, make memories.
This is absolutely insane, it feels fucking surreal. RIP the man that made me watch basketball
They were just talking about the possibility of him helping Dwight Howard (ex-teammate) in the dunk contest in a few weeks. This fuckin sucks. I saw a story about a helicopter crash in LA. Then a few minutes later I see Kobe was onboard and dead. I’m in disbelief. RIP Kobe. His final game was insane and something I’ll always remember watching with my brother and dad. Thanks for the memories man. EDIT: 81 point game. 5 NBA titles. Sinking two free throws after a torn Achilles. The 60 points finale. So many memories. Off the court he seemed very philanthropical as well, with a growing influence in business. Wife and a father of four daughters. He was only 41. The word ICON is often overused, but the word ICON doesn’t do Kobe enough justice. On and off the basketball court. RIP Mamba.
I had to read that headline twice just to process it. I can’t believe this. RIP to the greatest.
4:30 PM PT -- L.A. weather was extremely foggy Sunday morning, and law enforcement sources tell us even LAPD air support was grounded because of it. Flight tracker data shows Kobe's chopper appeared to first encounter weather issues as it was above the L.A. Zoo. It circled that area at least 6 times at a very low altitude -- around 875 feet -- perhaps waiting for the fog to clear. Play video content FLIGHT TOWER AUDIO We know the pilot contacted the control tower at Burbank Airport around 9:30 AM PT, and the tower was aware the pilot had been circling for about 15 minutes. The pilot eventually headed north along the 118 freeway before turning to the west, and started following above the 101 freeway around Woodland Hills, CA. At around 9:40 AM they encounter more weather -- as in seriously heavy fog -- and the chopper turned south. This was critical, because they turned toward a mountainous area. The pilot suddenly and rapidly climbed from about 1200 feet up to 2000 feet. However, moments later -- around 9:45 AM -- they flew into a mountain at 1700 feet. Flight tracker data shows they were flying at about 185mph.
As a parent all I can think about is how he was probably holding his daughter so tight in the last moments, trying to protect her. So devastating
I have two found memories of Kobe Bryant. The first was a personal encounter that occurred ages ago. I was with my uncle at South Coast Plaza in Santa Ana, CA. My uncle and I were on the 2nd floor sitting at one of the tables at Antonello Espresso Bar. As we’re sitting there, we see Kobe walking towards us. He was with his two daughters. My uncle looks at me and says “Kobe speaks Italian; watch this!” In Italian, my uncle yells out to Kobe, “Kobe! Want a cup of espresso? Kobe smiles kind of laughs and politely responds in Italian “no thank you I’m with my children!” It was cool.
I don't know shit about basketball but he left behind a wife and 4 daughters including what sounds like essentially a newborn. That's brutal and heartbreaking and I wish the best to his family. God damn 2020 slow it down. Edit: Sounds like early reports from ABC are saying his daughters may have been involved. That's as worst case scenario as it can get I feel like. What a fucked up day. Edit 2: Reports are now pulling back in regards to the daughters being on board. Still nothing confirmed as far as I can see. Edit 3: TMZ is reporting as of 2:35 pm Central time that Daughter Gianna Maria (13) was also killed on board.
Youngest daughter born in June of 2019, so tragic.
Absolutely horrendous. I can’t imagine what it would be like growing up hearing about all these people talking about your dad as this legendary sportsman and how much he meant to them, and you never got to know him.
This is like Messi or Ronaldo dying in a helicopter crash, right? Never really watched basketball but I have heard of him, LeBron James and Michael Jordan.
An amazing tweet from Kevaney Martin I’ll never forget the look on Kobe’s face when I referred to him as Gigi’s Dad during this interview. His face lit up and that trademark Kobe smile stretched across his face. His greatest accomplishment was being a Dad. (Photo included of their interview with the biggest smile on Kobe) https://mobile.twitter.com/KevaneyMartin/status/1221532618308538368
Kobe was always supposed to be one of those guys that had a hand in the NBA till he’s 80 like Bill Russel. This is so upsetting. RIP
He was supposed to be invincible...
This hits so hard - my daughter and parents are talking to me about it like we just lost a brother. For crying aloud man, this is too sad.
Another player and parent on the plane with Kobe and Gianna. God rest their souls and let’s all show an outpouring of support for those families who lost loved ones today. Don’t forget about Kobe & Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation. Today would be a great day to show them our love and graciousness.
Kobe is sooo legendary that it feels like he was never supposed to die let alone go this early....RIP Mamba
He’s a legend in every sense, all the stories of his work ethic, his determination, he was just different I’m upset man
I feel like in 60 years I should still be hearing him talk about basketball
So it's official, fuck. Celebrity deaths are always random but this one hits different man, just wtf.
He seemed really happy in retirement too doing so many different things. Shocking news.
coaching his kids in basketball, doing those animations. wtf... i want a do-over to 2020 already
man. i feel sorrow for his girls. Man.
He had so much left to give this world. Sound overdramatic but he really did
Bro watch the episode of all the smoke that he was on. You can tell how much he loves talking about his career and the competition as well as his kids and being a parent. It sounds like a corny way to talk about someone after they died but I just watched that episode last night and it was the first time I really was able to see him talk at length about his career and life in general. He was an incredibly smart guy.
Is it because Kobe seemed invulnerable? Because that’s what hits me the most.. RIP
Yeah dude I just keep telling myself ITS FUCKING KOBE. Like this wasn’t supposed to happen to him
He seems too stubborn to go like this I kind of thought he'd be like 70 years old and still getting up at 4 in the morning to practice hundreds of shots
Ya man like im kept thinking to myself - its kobe he’ll shake it off - or something like that. Shit is crazy
Think dying of old age would have been fine but this definitely hits. I generally don’t care about celebs like that but Kobe was Kobe.
Mostly because he was only 41 as well. No one expects anyone to die that early...
I think that, and Kobe Bryant is one of the biggest icons of a generation. He was a massive global star, regardless of if you were a fan
I guess it's just so sudden. Dude's been a million helicopter rides, suddenly it goes horribly wrong when you wouldn't even think twice about it
especially in LA, where many of the super celeb will use helicopters to get around to save time.
The amount of people in this subreddit who got into NBA because of him... Fucking gutted.
For me and a lot of people my age Kobe was basketball. I was too young for Jordan in his prime but Kobe was the man. I remember being in school at people shouting Kobe whenever we tried to throw balls of paper in the bin. I can't believe that he's gone. I think this might be the first celebrity death to ever make me feel so shaken. RIP Mamba.
I cannot believe this is actually real. 41 is young
Vince is still in the NBA at 43. KOBE is no longer with us. Life is precious.
May we all forever shout his name as we throw away a crumpled up piece of paper until the end of time.
Always.
As many times as it takes to make the shot. RIP.
It's always been and will always be "Kobe!" RIP mamba
what the fuck. this is one of the most insane, out of left field headlines i’ve ever seen. RIP to an absolute legend
I've never felt this way about a celebrity death before. God damn
Felt the same thing about Roy Halladay. Just sick
The man just had another kid also
That's the worst man. We can talk about how much it sucks for the game of basketball, but that's just ancillary. Those young kids are gonna grow up without a father. Tragic
I checked this sub to see if anyone got traded and saw the original post on new when it was like 20 seconds old. I kinda just froze.
Bro I got a tmz alert and it was the only thing saying Kobe died for like 10 minutes. Then all the reports came flooding in...
I can’t believe someone is going to have to give a posthumous acceptance speech in honor of Kobe at the Hall of fame this fall
My vote is for Pau
It should be Pau. Kobe was supposed to be tthe one to induct Pau into the hall of fame but I guess it’ll have to be Pau now inducting Kobe
Yo thats going to be a water works speech for everyone
I feel physically sick. Man was just going to enjoy an incredible retirement after working his ass off his whole life being one of the greatest athletes of all time and then this happens.
Forty fucking one years old. He had everything in front of him
I was honestly so excited of what he would've done in his retirement, he was so naturally competitive and had a work ethic second to none I truly believed he could do anything. I'm crushed.
Exactly my thought process, he was about to crush the next 40 or so years with unlimited wealth and fame. Just bask in the rewards his gifts and hard work brought him
Watching Kobe become the kind of elder statesman who gave props to the upcoming generation — I was legit looking forward to that side of him. DAMN. EDIT: Two other things I do want to note: I was really looking forward to see what the dude was gonna cook up business-wise. He had money, he had ambition, and he had smarts. I mean, he won an Oscar! Dude was definitely Top 5 most influential NBA players. You can argue all day about his position in the pantheon of NBA greatness, but his influence is undeniable.
He was no nonsense, hard work. We needed his opinions on the kids coming up.
He was just here...
We were all literally talking about him just last night...
That tweet about Lebron. Fuck man
Continuing to move the game forward @KingJames. Much respect my brother ?? #33644 Last tweet he ever wrote
https://www.instagram.com/p/B7xOgFjnuiO/?igshid=1odmr7oihn0s7 Last IG post
16 hours ago. It doesn’t seem real
I'm lost for words, the day after LeBron passes him in points
i believe he wore shoes that tributes him yesterday too
They said "mamba 4 life" on them..
It’s legit like a fucking movie script what are the cosmic odds
this movie fucking sucks
Here's Kobe's Player's Tribune article in case anyone feels like crying today
Couldn’t get past the first sentence without welling up. Saving this read for another day
"Dear Basketball" Mmmmnope not today. Thought I was stronger. Nope.
Woj confirmation https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221521133608079368?s=21 E: Fuck bro. RIP. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221537476893925376
This is the most painful woj bomb I’ve ever seen
Fuck
I honestly don't think I've ever been so caught off guard by a headline. It feels like the whole world is standing still right now.
My favorite Kobe memory is actually off-the-court: During the 2011 lockout, he told players that if they hadn't saved money to weather the lockout, he would lend them money so they wouldn't simply cave to the owners. This helped the players' side out. Proof from 2011
This is a great Kobe memory that I didn't even know about. I'm gonna throw in a non basketball story. Kobe reacting to the eagles winning the super bowl Yeah it's not as great or as impactful as helping players but it was just so nice seeing someone as great as Kobe reacting the same way I was to the eagles winning.
Man that vid made me smile. Thanks for sharing it ? RIP man
At a reasonable, but by no means soft, interest rate. #dominateloans For old times sake. I'm going to miss him.
I don't even know how to react to this, it seems crazy that Kobe is just...gone?
It feels like an out of body experience. Like I don't really know what to do with myself right now.
This came so out of no where, it's so sad. My thoughts are with his wife and four daughters man. Crazy
Thank god they weren’t with him... this is horrible Edit: His 13yr old daughter was with him( Gigi ) what a tragic day.. she had her whole life ahead of her... fuck all this
I can’t even. This doesn’t seem real. RIP Legend
Crazy stuff. As a spurs fan, his games against us growing up were always legendary. RIP Kobe
Neymar after scoring: https://twitter.com/Dezildezzz/status/1221542084953493504
Holy crap. What a loss. Kobe Bryant has done countless amounts of good to the world, probably got a lot of us here out of rough times. Let's not forgot those who were also lost in the crash and their families. They will forever live with "my brother/sister/father/mother/etc died in the crash that killed Kobe." I wish them all well.
The worst part about this for me is just the future Kobe should have had being erased. Never got to be inducted into the HoF. Never got to see the Lakers win another championship. I was just so looking forward to the next 35+ years of Kobe basketball analysis. He had so much to offer to this game still, and to this world. I can't believe he's gone.
What the fuck, I have no words. All those articles written about his career in the past few weeks with lebron passing him, and it just ends like that. A tragedy in all senses.
I hated Kobe growing up but I feel like crying.
Those feelings sum up "sports hate." You HATE the player, but not the person
That is exactly how I feel too. What the fuck. It just can't be real.
Titan of the game died today. Way too fucking young.
"I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it." Rest in peace, Mamba
I'm sick to my stomach. His poor wife and daughters
He finally had time to be home now that he was retired. Absolutely devastating, I can't imagine what they're going through.
What the fuck. I can't believe it. Kobe was like Jeter as Celtics fan in that you hated how dominant he was as a player but had the ultimate respect for him for being a legend of the game. Can't even imagine how his family feels. RIP to one of the greatest to ever play.
Im in shock right now... he had multiple daughters. This is so unfair
17, 13, 3, and 7 months. He's the coach of his 13-year-old's basketball team.
And the 13 year old died in the crash
The youngest is a new born.
Let kobes death be the reason we wake up tomorrow and take it to the next level! Haven’t started your project? Finish it Contemplating the gym? Go Stopped reading a book? Pick it back up. Make the mamba proud and let’s start bein the best version of ourselves
Raptors just ran out the 24 second shot cold on the first posession. Now the Spurs are doing the exact same on the second possesion.
May 23, 2010. The Suns had just won game 3 of the WCF against LA, 118-109. Kobe had 36, but went 2-8 from beyond the arc, missing his only two attempts in the 4th when the game was close. Game ended at 11 pm, and I had a few things to finish up before heading home. The way the arena was set up, the fastest route to the parking garage was to walk through the main bowl after leaving the office. As I make my way out at 11:30 pm, the lights in the arena dim, I hear a ball bouncing on the main court. I look to see who it was, and found Kobe out there shooting 3s. By himself. Top of the key, shoot, make it, get the ball. Back to the top of the key, shoot, miss, get the rebound. No coaches, no trainers, no teammates. Just the best player on earth, practicing his 3 point shot, alone. I sat down about 20 rows up, in an otherwise empty 18,000 seat arena, and watched one of the best five humans to ever play the sport practice in solitude for 25 minutes. After he had put up probably 75 or 80 threes from all around the arc, he grabbed the ball and went to the locker rooms. That night taught me so much about what it meant to be THE. BEST. About putting in work that no one sees. About perseverance. About never being happy with how good you are and always wanting to improve, even if you’re already the best. Kobe made a lifelong fan in those 25 minutes. RIP to one of the all time greats.
Some people are like "oh its a celebrity you don't even know the person" but people underestimate how these people touch lives. I was a kid with cancer during the '01 playoff run. I had a make a wish foundation wish to let you know how bad I was. I wanted to meet Shaq and Kobe. It's late May early June so yeah that's not happening so I settle for a PS2 a bunch of tech stuff and a big screen tv (I couldn't travel because my immune system was shot and I was afraid to ask for too big of a TV to tell you how innocent I was). Well....two weeks later I get a call. Who but Bean, calling me telling me he heard I wanted to meet him and how he was out there playing for kids like me and how he appreciated having me as a fan and to hang in there and I can overcome anything ect. It was only a 4-5 minute call but it lifted my spirits. I never told any of my friends about it, only my parents eve knew about it. I'm not saying it saved my life, but it gave me hope.... I had a ~20% chance for survival. That was 20 years ago. That man influenced the way I look at and attack life. I woke up this evening to the news of his passing and I've been crying on and off the entire time here at work trying to reason with myself "hey this is just a basketball player why the fuck are you crying man get over it" But I felt like a member of my own family passed. These people touch us in ways words can't always express. You will be missed dearly Kobe and I hurt for all those hurting in you, and the other passengers passing.
https://streamable.com/hjxk8 Stoudemire reaction live in a game in Tel Aviv during a game https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/eud0eo/the_basketball_world_reacts_to_the_passing_of/ffo1qtz/ Better version ^
Shaquille O'Neal Tweet: https://twitter.com/SHAQ?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor There’s no words to express the pain Im going through with this tragedy of loosing my neice Gigi & my brother @kobebryant I love u and u will be missed. My condolences goes out to the Bryant family and the families of the other passengers on board. IM SICK RIGHT NOW
https://twitter.com/NBATV/status/1221535608482549767 “For those Kobe fans that are out there, that are feeling like I feel right now, just try and think of all the joy that he brought you.” Brian Shaw reacts to the reported passing of Kobe Bryant.
I would rather watch the Lakers lose 100 finals back to back against the Boston Celtics than for this to happen. RIP Kobe edit: i'm just using this an expression to convey how painful this is. i apologize if it seems like i am trying to compare a human life to a game. i am not.
https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas Confirming a helicopter crash.
I can’t believe it. This fucking sucks. His poor wife and daughters.. Edit: I just found out his daughter Gianna was onboard. My heart breaks for everyone involved. It puts life into perspective, showcasing how chaotic it truly is.
let's hope his daughters weren't on board
https://twitter.com/LASDHQ/status/1221514409056432128 The LA County Sheriff's department is confirming there was a helicopter crash in Calabasas and that 5 people have died but no names have been released yet so this is sounding very real. Edit: There are people saying that his daughters were with him and there are people also saying that Rick Fox was with him so there is a lot of misinformation being spreaded now. As of now, the only person we absolutely know was on the plane Helicopter was Kobe so it's better to wait for some confirmation on the other people on the plane. Edit #2: 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks. Edit #3: Multiple sources are saying that Rick Fox is safe and well the information spread about him being in the helicopter is not true. Edit #4: There were 9 people on the plane including Kobe and his daughter Gianna. Three of them have been identified as Orange Coast College baseball coach John Altobelli, his wife and his daughter
Such a terrifying way to go, too. Shit.
Absolutely awful seeing as he's been on countless helicopter rides. One of my worst fears is to be on a plane and it just suddenly malfunctions and crashes.
If it’s worth anything to you, with a large plane, as most of us go on, it’s one of the safest things you could use for transportation. These helicopters and small planes are definitely the highest possibility for aviation crashes though.
I saw the video of the Leicester City owner crash couple of years ago. Absolutely horrible to die in something you do daily. Helicopters are probably the most dangerous air travel.
I can’t believe it, the guy has flown in helicopters for years to travel around for games and now, right after the birth of his last daughter in the prime of his lifetime, it fails him :(. Terrible news
https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/ Kobe Bryant died in a helicoper crash in Calabasas Sunday morning ... TMZ Sports has confirmed. Kobe was traveling with at least 3 other people in his private helicopter when it went down. A fire broke out. Emergency personnel responded, but nobody on board survived. 5 people are confirmed dead. We're told Vanessa Bryant was not among those on board. The cause of the crash is under investigation. Kobe has famously used a helicopter to travel for years -- dating back to when he played for the Lakers. He was known for commuting from Newport Beach, CA to the STAPLES Center in DTLA in his Sikorsky S-76 chopper. KB is survived by his wife Vanessa, and their four daughters -- Gianna, Natalia and Bianca and their newborn Capri. Kobe has recently been spotted out at NBA games with his daughter Gianna -- a rising star basketball player herself. Their youngest daughter, Capri, was just born in June 2019. Story developing ... Edit: LA Time article https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas A helicopter crashed and burst into flames Sunday morning amid foggy conditions in the hills above Calabasas, with multiple fatalities reported. The crash occurred shortly before 10 a.m. near Las Virgenes Road, south of Agoura Road, according to a watch commander for the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. The crash ignited a brush fire and made it difficult for firefighters and emergency personnel to get to the aircraft, he said. Sources at the scene said they believed there were multiple fatalities, but the exact number was unclear. The fire was contained to the crash site, officials said. There were no homes in the area, and no roadways were impacted. Edit: ESPN Confirms Kobe Bryant has passed away. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/28569438/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash Los Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant, 41, is among five people killed in a helicopter crash in Calabasas, California, a source confirmed to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski. Edit: TMZ Confirms Gianna Maria was on board the helicopter and died in the crash. 12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
Holy shit I can’t actually believe what I am reading. I’m in shock
My heart is beating out of my chest. I’ve lived in LA my whole life, this guy was LA. We’re going to be mourning this for a long time.
Thank God his wife and children weren't involved. I still can't believe this, I'm in shock. Edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320?s=19 #BREAKING: Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash https://t.co/1n7U8bvqhI ??
Their youngest daughter, Capri, was just born in June 2019. This hit hard.
There has to be some chance this is fake news... please We just saw this guy congratulating LeBron last night...
No one puts their reputation on the line for news like this. Edit: RIP Kobe
TMZ have some scummy paparazzi practices, but they're rarely wrong on serious things like this.
TMZ doesn't get this sort of thing wrong They're tabloid trash for everything except celebrity deaths, where they suddenly become the most reliable media source out there
[deleted]
[deleted]
This would be tragic
[deleted]
Holy shit. This can’t be true
I just can't imagine Kobe not being around. This is one of the biggest moments in sports history outside of the game
I barely know an NBA without Kobe, I figured he’d be one of those elder statesmen being courtside and around the game for decades to come
He would’ve and should’ve been... fuck man
His poor family
It breaks for my heart for his kids. Just had one in June. Unbelievable. I can't believe this what the actual fuck.
https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas looks like there was a crash reported earlier today with no names holy fuck
this will be the sports equivalent of Princess Diana’s death.
This is absolutely crazy, it's fucking surreal
TMZ are known to be reliable when it comes to celebrity stuff so I'm prepared for the worst.
No one would risk their reputation reporting this kind of news if it weren't true. I can't believe it too but I'm genuinely aching man.
My fondest memory playing youth basketball was getting to play one on one with Kobe when he visited the Army post I lived on in Korea as a kid. He was such a big part of my love for basketball growing up, this shit hits hard even though I didn’t know him.
https://twitter.com/abc7curt/status/1221517701987721216 abc confirmed it. fucking devastated edit: daughter gianna on board helicopter. R.I.P to a legend. https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
Already up on their IG. TMZ does not fail in stuff like this and I'm just too realist to harbour hopes they have been hacked or something. I'm speechless. Best I can say is condolences to the family. If today I'm an NBA fan is due to guys like him when I was growing up. Never rooted for the Lakers or him (but he was a joy to watch play, specially when he was in that zone), but nobody can deny he's one defining piece in NBA history. and his presence will be missed. Rest in peace legend and champ.
Just confirmed by ABC7 in LA. He's gone. RIP Mamba Edit: just confirmed by TMZ that his daughter GiGi was also on board. Awful
[deleted]
I can't believe it dude. Kobe Bryant is dead. Fuck man. This is awful news.
I can't even believe it. This doesn't even feel possible. What the fuck.
Yeah my brain does not compute. Like everything points to it being a real story but I literally can't believe it.
I’m devastated, man. Just devastated.
at the gas pump and the woman next to me is balling bawling. This is awful. Edit: fixed it ya jerks lol. Fuck though.
It's what Kobe would want
Lol fuck you for making me laugh right now. Seriously though, thanks for this.
Ok, lmao at the typo, but... bawling* Balling is what Kobe did.
I can’t believe this
He seemed like one of those guys that would just be around forever
Twitter turned off trending
Twitter’s broken, searching up “Kobe” won’t load anything
I think Twitter broke.
Please tell me that's fake. Edit: R.I.P
Its probably true. La times article about a crash in calabasas posted 30 min before Tmz https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas edit: It's been confirmed by multiple sources now. Woj confirmed it as well. https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1221521133608079368?s=19
Jesus Christ I feel like I’m about to throw up
This will be the biggest "celebrity death" for me, it's fucking crazy
It’s just so out of the blue. If he was getting really old then you kinda have the time to mentally prepare yourself but a sudden crash at 41 years old? Fuck man
Like, if this happened when he was 70... It would be "easier". But just four years ago he was dropping 60 points. Fuck me. RIP Mamba. One of the very best.
https://twitter.com/latimes/status/1221517388056629248 They're working on confirming who was in the crash. Edit: Police has confirmed to variety https://variety.com/2020/biz/news/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash-lakers-1203480844/ Also Local ABC, ESPN... fuck man
Tmz is a reliable source. This is fucking insane.
I wish it was any other outlet. TMZ more reliable than Reuters about this kind of thing. I’m in shock.
This fucking sucks. Edit: There should be a second black bar on jerseys for the remainder of the season. He meant so much to the game and the modern NBA. Again, this fucking sucks.
I don’t even think I have feelings yet. Total shock. Seems fake but I know it’s not.
This was so out of the blue, what the fuck...
I swear I legitimately feel sick. Celebrity deaths don’t usually even affect me that much. Jesus Christ.
[deleted]
TMZs website is down from all the traffic
TMZ usually gets it right on celebrity deaths.
Jesus he just had another kid.
This is the worst I’ve ever felt about an athlete’s death. Fuck man
Wtf.....
I guess I never really understood the impact the deaths of famous musicians like Michael Jackson, David Bowie effected people, but as a basketball fan I'm just stunned...I just can't believe it, last Sonics game I ever went to I watched kobe drop 50 and hit the game winner in OT. Fuck
That’s how I feel man. My childhood was based around basketball and Kobe and the Lakers was such a huge huge part of that. I truly never understood the heartache behind celebrity deaths but I do now.
I literally just re-watched his final 2016 game last night, and his final speech really resonated with me. He talked about how 20 years went by so fast, how his wife held the family down while he spent countless hours in the gym and he even cracked a joke about how his whole career people told him to pass, but tonight everyone said “Don’t pass it!” As he broke 60 points in his last game. Just made me think about how sometimes we put athletes in this realm in our heads of them not being real people, but they got just as much going on in their personal lives as we do. Rip
his final 2016 game Man, that wasn't even that long ago. Dude was still in the early years of his retirement with so much ahead of him.
Dude my sister called me about this. I can’t find any other reports. Please be a mistake. Anyone know if he was at the 76ers game last night?
he congratulated lebron and said he wanted to be there when he passed him just like jordan was for him. fuck man
What the fuckkkkk
I legitimately never really could comprehend why people would cry and get emotionally torn up when a celebrity/musician/athlete/an icon in their life passed away. Someone they never met. For the past 30 years I’ve always been a Kobe Stan. All my basketball gear, workout clothes, jerseys, all Kobe. Went to his last game live and saw him score 60 with my saved up money. Always defended Kobe in any debate. As lame as it may sound, even in my darkest times in life I was able to pull through and be hopeful because I knew Kobe wouldn’t be down on himself in a time like this. Kobe was legitimately my idol. I understand now. This one really hurts.
Man same. Started playing ball because Kobe was out there tearing it up every night, and I watched in awe when he dropped those 60 on his last game, inspired the new generation and was shaping up to become a legend off the court as well... I’m in tears rn
I was just watching Kobe highlights last night. I don’t want to believe this.
This is the first celebrity death that hit me hard. My grandmother passed away this morning as well... it's been the worst fucking day
When you see the registration number on the aircraft that crashed it matches the reg number on the helicopter that Kobe frequently traveled in. So so so sad.
This doesn't feel real. Kobe is invincible.
Damn man if it’s true its fucking crazy sad. His last tweet was him congratulating Lebron James. https://twitter.com/kobebryant/status/1221276426164269056?s=21
No fucking way its true, the day after he passes the torch to Bron as #3? You couldnt write that shit
Real life kinda sucks :/
Reality is stranger than fiction sometimes man, not even 24 hours after he gives his blessing to Bron and Bron hyping him up for 4 mins after the game
He is only 41 years old wtf man
Kobe’s camp would’ve already come out to deny this report. This is awful.
Watching Vanessa accept Kobe’s HoF induction is going to be heartbreaking
He deserved to make a HOF speech, he deserved to be announced as part of the next top 50 NBA players, he deserved to see the Lakers win another ring later in his life, and present the trophy to them. He deserved to see grandchildren, the futures of all his girls, and live a great life, even for what he had already achieved. Rest in peace, Kobe.
Man fuck...he was just congratulating Lebron last night. The guy is my idol, and this is soul crushing. I feel so bad for his family
The darkest day in basketball history
This is the absolute lowest I've ever felt as an NBA fan. As much as I hated him torching my team, I grew into an adult watching him play. It's like having your heart ripped out, man.
I just feel a mixture of emptiness and confusion. My mind can't even process the fact that this is all happening. It doesn't feel real.
Sound engineer wearing a TWA hat. Yeah, that guy may be a good witness. Edit: TWA is Trans World Airlines. A once very large airline that was bought by American Airlines in 2001. There are a lot of aviation fans that are fond of TWA.
They need to hire him to figure out why this videos sound is so damn low..
I thought it was my desktop, I was turning headphones up and everything!
that reminds me, better turn it down now
Then Billy Bush screams at you.
I feel like this guy could reasonably explain just about anything. My goodness.
He'd make a great example in an English (as second language) textbook "describe where things are" section.
And his description wasn't entirely cold and technical. It was accessible and easy to follow, and he made sure to contend that the occupants likely didn't suffer. This kind of rationality is more comforting to me than anything flowery. He tells us a guy who lived there 17 years has "never seen the clouds so dense or so low." Something about these tangible details, that take some of the confusion away, also help dispel the usual feeling of arbitrary injustice.
Right, he seemed very aware of his place as a witness in this tragedy and how others might react to his words. He described it for others to understand, not simply how it impacted himself. So many tv news interviews are the latter, folks still trying to process the events and only describing how they felt in the moment.
I’d like him to deliver all of the bad news I receive.
When he described the rotors stopped instantly signaled to him that the rotors must of hit the ground first gave me comfort that the occupants probably never saw the side of the mountain and was a quick death.
There is another video similar to this of a guy walking with his wife near a shore and a reporter asked him whether he though it was a risky move since a hurricane might hit the area and he said no then proceeded to weather channel the reporter for a good three minutes.
https://popculture.com/trending/2017/09/11/hurricane-irma-weatherman-schooled-by-man-on-beach/
[deleted]
He is wearing a TWA hat and was using aeronautical terms like ceiling and deck. Probably a pilot too.
The fact that he talked about needing to have control of the aircraft to hover like the pilot seemed to be doing also helps me think that he definitely had pretty good knowledge of aircraft/piloting to some degree.
He's got a classic TWA hat on. I'd guess sound engineer is a second career.
My thoughts exactly. That, and his facility with aviation lingo.
This just tickled me. My husband is a SE and it perfectly describes the way he explains things.
As a meteorologist who did a lot of aviation forecasting, this sounds like a fucking nightmare scenario. Flying visual flight rules, and then getting lost in impossible clouds... Hopefully this guy is right and it was painless.
This may sound stupid... But if the pilot fucked up and is in this situation, can't he just fly up? He should be aware of the terrain and if he is not then isn't that even more reason to gain altitude in the hopes of outclimbing the clouds? Or why not straight down? Both sound better than traversing horizontally when you have no ability to see where you are flying towards.
You can become very quickly spatially disoriented in a situation where you are basically flying blind. There have been several aviation accidents in recent history that have occured as a result of this. Even if you did receive proper training to combat this, it is still very easy to be overwhelmed by the situation, with all your senses going out of wack.
178 Seconds to Live gives an idea of how rapidly the non instrument rated pilot lasts in instrument meteorological conditions.
This reminds of X Pilot's content, and let me tell you that shit shakes me to my core. Breaks my heart.
That’s the scariest one I ever saw. The pilot’s last words are burned into my memory.
Okay what the actual fuck that has my heart beating fast holy shit
Apparently being a pilot is not in my future.
When John F Kennedy Jr crashed that plane off Martha's Vineyard it was because he became visually disoriented and was not trained to fly solely on instruments.
There was a great quote about Kennedy and I dont recall who said it but they said "Kennedy knew just enough to get himself killed. If he knew more he would have known how to fly in those conditions amd if he'd known less he would have known not to fly"
Experienced pilots have had a close call or two in their lives. Once that happens they are very cautious in regards to weather. You would much rather be on the ground wishing that you had flown that day than be in the air wishing you had not flown that day.
Yeah, people underestimate how much information we passively receive through the coordination of our eyes to our surroundings. We look at incidents like these in the scuba diving world because many of the effects on decision-making are extremely similar. You end up with situations where people literally don't know which way is up in only 10 feet of water because your brain is completely disoriented by the (lack of) information being fed through your eyes.
He thought he was at 1400 ft apparently, from the radar communications. Guess he didn't realize the cloud cover was so low and maybe made an idiot mistake reading 140ft at 1400ft or something. Edit: 1400ft above sea level which is only a few hundred feet above the ground in the area he was and not above some of the surrounding mountains. He was in a holding pattern that the guy described waiting for confirmation from flight control, and he stated multiple times his plan to maintain 1400 altitude and fly along a certain freeway (118). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0pQfgi9ZqU (better link provided by braedoktor and others who pointed out my old link was a repost farmer)... however could not link to exact timing, communication with the nearby airport (Van Nuys) starts at 2:37. Also, looking up some of the terminology, the flight controller asks more than once if he was transitioning under VFR (visual flight rules) and he confirmed he was. Which implies he was able to see which is obviously not true in the conditions. Don't know what that is about exactly. Then when he was handed off to the next control tower after getting cleared on the flight plan they didn't have good reception because he was so low and they couldn't advise.
Keep in mind that 1400ft is above sea level, not terrain.
Yeah, I was considering that... calabasas is listed at 920 ft above sea level with the calabas heights up to 1391 ft above sea level. Pilot was advised to stay below 2500 ft and mentioned he was at 1400 then 1500 ft. so perhaps his instrumentation was off but I would think there would be advice to fly up a bit towards the 2500 ft level.
This video depicts the flight path of the aircraft. The pilot was initially operating on a SVFR (Special VFR) clearance, which allows a pilot to operate an aircraft visually when the weather doesn't meet minimum visual requirements. Minimum VFR is 1000' ceiling with 3 miles visibility. Weather at Van Nuys was reported 1100' ceiling with 2 1/2 miles visibility. Keep in mind that ceilings are reported as altitude above the ground (AGL) while pilots report their altitude above sea level (MSL). Van Nuys field elevation in 800' MSL. The ceiling was reported at 1100' AGL, which is 1900' MSL, so if the pilot was flying at 1400' MSL he was some 500' below the ceiling. If you follow the flight path (and listen to the comms) the pilot flew along I5, orbited for a time east of Van Nuys while waiting for IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) traffic inbound to Van Nuys to land. Once all the traffic was cleared the controller handed the pilot over to Van Nuys tower. The pilot intended to fly north of Van Nuys, following the Hwy 118, then once west of Van Nuys he would turn south and pick up the 101 (Ventura Freeway) and follow it west through the canyon. Apparently he never made it to the 101 . It appears he made it to the 101, started through the canyon, and while in the canyon initiated a steep climbing turn to the left. The blip on the screen includes the aircraft's transponder data. The numbers on top are the FAA ID (N72EX), which the pilot uses as his call sign for radio comms. The numbers underneath show the aircraft's altitude and airspeed (add a zero to each number). At around 1:00, the aircraft is holding east of Van Nuys at around 1000' (which is just a couple of hundred feet in the air) but only flying 40-50 knots (around 50-60 mph). This is when he was waiting for traffic to clear. As soon as he was handed off to Van Nuys tower he accelerates to 130 knots. You can see the aircraft fly northwest, and climb to 1300' before turning west--presumably following Hwy 118--before calling Van Nuys tower. Note that the tower controller directed the pilot to tell her when he was either: a) in VFR conditions, or b) clear of her airspace. When on a SVFR clearance the controller is responsible to ensure separation between aircraft. The pilot is ALSO responsible, but the controller treats a SVFR aircraft like IFR traffic. At 3:35 the pilot asks the controller if he can turn southwest. He wants to turn that direction so he can find the Ventura Freeway, the road he will follow west through the canyon. The controller asks the pilot if he is in VFR conditions. The pilot says yes. Remember, reported weather at Van Nuys is NOT VFR, but the pilot now says he is in VFR conditions. His altitude at this point is 1700' and he's still traveling 130 knots. The pilot turns southwest to search for the Ventura Freeway. As the aircraft travels southwest it descends to 1400' and picks up speed to 140 knots. During this time the pilot is trying to get flight following radar service from SOCAL approach. Flight following is a service radar facilities provide to VFR aircraft when they aren't too busy handling IFR traffic. The controller incorporates VFR aircraft participating in flight following into the traffic flow, and warns the pilot of flight hazards (other traffic, airspace, terrain, etc.). You can hear the controller talking, but not N72EX, because the aircraft is too low for the receiver that was picking up these transmissions. The controller is telling the pilot he is flying too low to participate in flight following. The controller has a minimum vectoring altitude for each area under his control. This is the altitude below which his radar cannot maintain positive observation of aircraft. At 4:20, just seconds before radar contact is lost for good, N72EX begins a steep climb. The last reported altitude was 2100', 700' higher than the 1400' he was cruising at. Airspeed was still 120 knots. We don't know why the pilot climbed, but if you are flying in an area with high terrain and you accidentally fly into a cloud the first thing you should do is immediately climb and turn away from where you believe the high terrain is. The last few seconds of this recording does not jibe with this witnesses account, that the aircraft was flying very slowly. The last reported speed was 120 knots. If the aircraft was flying as slowly as this witness reports it would not have disintegrated on impact like it did. That looks a lot more like I would expect a 120 knot impact. EDIT: The data at this site comes from the aircraft's on-board ADS-B transmitter. You can see at the end the aircraft begins a steep climbing turn to the left while part way through the canyon the Ventura Freeway runs through. My guess is the pilot accidentally lost visual contact with the ground and tried to climb out of danger. Pilots learn (or should learn) early in training about the danger of mountain obscuration, where low clouds envelope high terrain. Attempting to fly through a canyon under such conditions can lead to a situation where the pilot is forced to climb into the clouds to avoid rising terrain.
The flying very slowly part can be just be their distance in relation to the helicopter. An airplane several miles above your head traveling several hundred mph might not look like it's going very fast. Might be the same effect with the helicopter.
You are confusing AGL and MSL altitudes. AGL is above ground level. MSL is mean sea level. ATC communications regarding altitude are in MSL. The exact details will come out in the NTSB report but either the pilot was not maintaining altitude, had the altimeter set incorrectly, or simply became disoriented in instrument conditions.
simply became disoriented in instrument conditions. Flying into IFR conditions when you are VFR is one of the deadliest things you can do in an aircraft.
No, as a helicopter pilot I can explain this. The aircraft was flying VFR, which means not on instruments. Helicopters are allowed to fly during daylight in the type of airspace he was operating in from John Wayne to the crash site in 1/2 mile visibility and clear of clouds. This is predicated on the pilot determining he is in fact flying in at least 1/2 mile visibility and clear of clouds. This is not easily done, because it can be difficult to tell whether your projected flight path will keep you out of the clouds and clouds are a kind of fuzzy looking beast in front of you, or hopefully above you, and it can be very difficult to assure you aren’t going to fly into a cloud or an area of reduced visibility up ahead. This is why you shouldn’t play with fire; just land, at an airport preferably or street, park, etc. The altitude read outs you see on these radar tracks are what the transponder reports which is Pressure Altitude, the height above the 29.92” Hg standard datum plane. This is essentially above sea level under yesterday’s conditions. So, if the altitude readout says 1,400’ you could actually be on the ground if the elevation where you are is 1,400’. What would be great is an Above Ground Level (AGL) readout, which can be determined by comparing the flight path with topographical maps. I am a pilot who flies in Los Angeles and knows SoCal very well. I know the elevations throughout most of SoCal. This pilot was flying as low as 150’ at numerous times throughout this flight. This was done to “scud run” and get through to his destination. This is unacceptable and a very dangerous practice. He had multiple chances to end the flight by landing, somewhere. He kept pushing through, into rising terrain westbound towards Calabasas. If you have bad visibility and ceilings in the San Fernando Valley you are definitely going to have a much worse time in higher terrain. It appears he flew into the clouds/fog shortly after. After realizing he was Inadvertent-Instrument Meteorological Conditions (I-IMC, or “cant see because he’s in a cloud”) he did the right thing by focusing on instruments instead, since he has no visual reference with the ground anymore. He actually began to do the right thing by climbing and starting a 180 degree turn. However, most helicopter pilots are not good at flying on instruments since we basically never do it after receiving the rating for the ability. There is a whole conversation of reasons why that is the case but is outside the scope of this comment. So the pilot likely developed Spatial Disorientation and lost control of the helicopter, which is indicated by the rapid descent in the last seconds of the flight. As a helicopter pilot this absolutely enrages me. How someone could flout company policy, standard procedures, regulations and exhibit no shred of professionalism to keep everyone onboard safe is beyond me. He could have just landed at Van Nuys and they could get a car service the rest of the way. I have done this a BUNCH of times, is a little disappointing when you can’t make it to the destination but this was some of the worst conditions we’ve seen in a long while and in the end: what are you doing risking people’s lives to please them? Just. Fucking. Land. Edit: Wow! Thanks for the gold!! Edit 2: I want to make clear in my post (as I have in responses to comments elsewhere) that this is my opinion only. My opinion based off of publicly available data, knowledge from having worked in the industry for 15 years, knowledge of the aircraft, having flown the specific type of aircraft, knowledge of the regulations regarding Part 91, Part 135, and VFR and IFR regulations, local knowledge being a pilot here, and being well-aware of the leading causes of accidents in the helicopter industry. I too am a Certified Flight Instructor and Instrument-Instructor in Helicopters. However, until the NTSB concludes their investigation and finds a cause for this accident then my opinion is only my opinion and not fact. I sincerely, and with all my heart, hope that the NTSB finds a mechanical irregularity led to this accident. Helicopter pilots are a very tight community and we are all brothers. I hope Zobayan is flying his favorite heli right now wherever he is.
It’s insane to me. I fly for work all the time and we would never attempt to fly in such conditions. We don’t even fly with less than 7000’ ceiling because we go to mountain top sites that are around 5000’ and don’t ever want to fly in the fog/clouds. Our pilots and our company both refuse.
Yea, that’s a bit excessive but yes it is the job of pilots to refuse a flight or turn around and land when in such bad conditions. Just because it’s legal doesn’t mean it’s safe, you can just end up legally dead. But being a Part 135 operation, which necessitates 300’ AGL minimum over congested areas, this pilot wasn’t even flying legal at times.
Lot of people died with the right of way; lot of pilots died in technically legal situations.
My driving instructor told me the biggest insurer in my country has a large picture of a gravestone in the lobby of their headquarters that reads "But I was right!"
I knew someone who ran out infront of a car on a crosswalk. We told her that was dumb to do and her reply was, "if they hit me they'll get a ticket." Thats when we all stopped inviting her places.
Could you elaborate more on how the spatial disorientation led to him losing control of the helicopter? Was the maneuver to aggressive or do you think he ran out of room?
No, it’s just very difficult to control a helicopter, or any aircraft for that matter, solely in reference to instruments. You must train and practice and remain proficient. In fact even if a pilot is Instrument Rated, the FAA requires a pilot have maintained a specific amount of proficiency within the past 6 months. If a pilot doesn’t remain proficient his rating is basically invalid and he must become current while practicing in VFR conditions only; after another 6 months of still not current it’s basically an invalid rating. So it’s difficult and you must remain current. Not-to-mention, most helicopters aren’t even certified for IFR flight, and certainly not one you would train and receive the rating in. When you do you are flying with an instructor but you are wearing foggy glasses to obscure your outside view. This means most helicopter pilots have never actually flown in clouds, even if they have the rating for it. Flying in actual clouds is very different because there are all sorts of visual illusions you will get, including vestibular illusions. You will feel as if your falling backwards, turning to the opposite side of where you are actually turning, feel as if you’re pitching up when you accelerate or the opposite when you slow. So, if a pilot pops into a cloud and doesn’t have a strong set of instrument skills and no experience actually flying in clouds then he may very likely become spatially disoriented and if he doesn’t absolutely ignore everything his body is telling him and JUST focus and trust the instruments, then he will lose control.
vestibular illusions This and what you described reminds me of diving in murky water. You start seeing edges and corners/shapes where there are none. Like your eyes are trying to create them. You also feel dizzy/drunk without reference point so you have to focus on individual silt grains close to your face as you move. Similar at all or?
Brain starts struggling to form a frame of reference when a stressful situation forces it to call for one. Starts grasping at visual/sensual straws.
This makes sense when you watch this video, then listen to the radio traffic between the pilot and control tower. Just flew straight into the mountain.
He’s wearing a Trans World Airlines (TWA) hat, maybe used to work for them
that's an old hat!
Every now and then someone with qualifications for the task at hand is exactly where you need them, it's a rare thing but this guy was in the right place at the right time to be a witness to this event.
As soon as he said "it was about 9:43", I was like, I can trust this guy's attention to detail.
For me it was knowing that it was a twin engine helicopter and the height above the cloud ceiling it would need to be not to disturb it with the down draft from the roter, from his hat he probably worked in the aviation industry at some point but I thought that was impressive none the less.
TWA hat, use of “ceiling” and “cloud deck”, “Rotor Wash”. Definitely knows more than the average Joe.
The TWA hat gave me an idea that he may know what he's talking about, then he gave a detailed account.
I think it may have been a showerthought or something years ago that I read, "Someone says they're six minutes away will probably arrive before someone that says they're five minutes away" and it always stuck with me for this very reason. It's stupid and small, but so true...I try to be exact as possible with my ETAs (which is much easier to do these days with GPS and all that), but yeah, the level of accuracy that people go to is definitely a good indicator of their attention to detail
This reminds me about the guy FOX interviewed a few years ago about hurricane irma: https://youtu.be/EOmZB_r-iso
The reporter's like, well that wasn't the alarmist panic I was hoping for.
I think he might have also been a bit pissed that guy had a better news reporter voice than him.
producer is screaming in ear -- get someone else
I was a news cameraman for 14 years and interviews like this, I was always trying to stifle laughter when I knew it wasn't what the reporter wanted.
I like to think that this guy was just laying in wait for an unsuspecting "weather news" fear monger to show up so he could dismantle them on live television.
Had to ask the reporter to repeat himself just to make sure he wasn’t blowing his load too early.
I love how his wife is standing there with a face like "You just got schooled."
shit I thought he was about to announce a pop quiz over what he just covered at the end.... i was having high school flashbacks
Actually for once a smart person being interviewed.
Judging from the title of this post, I thought I was going to get the "totally pitted" version of this story
For the uninitiated: https://youtu.be/Y5ckCAUVOn0
WA-PAH
Reminds me of Malibu
To be fair he seems like an expert in his field
I love how his profession shows through the testimony. He describes everything in terms of what he heard, and also in an extremely precise engineer-like way.
‘It was about...9:43am’ Knew it as soon as he said this
The guy said he's a sound engineer, kind of the perfect witness in an accident that nobody really could see because of the fog, but could be heard. Not only with a technical knowledge of how sound travels, but also with a trained ear for it.
Also sounds like he knows about piloting helicopters
He was wearing a TWA hat, which both makes sense, and was really confusing, at the same time.
TWA Trans World Airlines, a major American airline from 1930 until it ceased operations in 2001. In case anyone is like me and needed to google
This guy explained the situation better then many news casters. I guess that's why they interviewed him. No sensationalism, mostly facts and a bit of educated speculation on what might have gone wrong. This is what I wish the news was.
Credit to the reporter for just letting him report and not asking questions to hear her own voice.
There’s no, “Well, I went out to get me a cold pop. I thought someone was barbecuing”.
"I said 'Oh Lord Jesus, it's a fire!'"
I said hold up, wait a minute, something ain't right!
Very understanding and insightful description of the events. I hope the occupants didn't suffer because that is an awful way to go
If I'm ever on trial, I really hope this guy's a defense witness not the prosecutors.
Until he remembers that you once cut him off in traffic 15 years ago by accident. He locks eyes with the jury and explains in detail how you are guilty.
I once had a job where a pilot would fly up to ten of us to work and then back home at the end of the week. After a long week, I boarded the small plane anxious to get home. The pilot told us that he had to wait out the weather before we could go. I made a comment about how good it would be to get home today. The other (more experienced) passengers quite sternly told me to not put any kind of pressure, no matter how subtle, on the pilot. They explained he wanted to make us all happy and get us home. But far better to wait a few hours or a day and get home safely than put pressure on the pilot to try to take off when it wasn't 100% safe. Perhaps Kobe's pilot just pushed the envelope a bit too far.
It's better to be late in this life, than to arrive early in the next one.
Very appropriate use of the expression 'to push the envelope' In aviation and aeronautics the term 'flight envelope' had been in use since WWII, as here from the Journal of the Royal Aeronautical Society, 1944: "The best known of the envelope cases is the 'flight envelope', which is in general use in this country and in the United States... The ‘flight envelope’ covers all probable conditions of symmetrical manoeuvring flight." That envelope is the description of the upper and lower limits of the various factors that it is safe to fly at, that is, speed, engine power, manoeuvrability, wind speed, altitude etc. By 'pushing the envelope', that is, testing those limits, test pilots were able to determine just how far it was safe to go.
My uncle was flying both my cousins on a small plane from IL to TX on a very foggy day. My uncle was a private pilot. My father encouraged them to wait out the fog. My cousin said she needed to be home for an event. They waited one hour, then left. Still foggy. Uncle and one cousin died, other cousin lived but had broken arm and has ptsd.
One of my friends drove through there an hour before crash. He said it was super foggy and couldn't understand how anyone would fly a helicopter in those conditions.
He mentions near the end of the interview that someone he was about to meet up with before the accident told him that 4 miles away there was absolutely no fog.
There were pockets of extremely dense fog scattered throughout the area yesterday. I drove through one in the early morning and could barely see 50ft in front of me.
I’d guess a majority of these incidents would generally be due to pilot error rather than malfunction or other circumstances. Either way, a tragedy like this is never nice to hear about.
Wow, rarely do eyewitnesses have such detailed information. Kudos to this man for being so aware and for helping guide dispatchers.
Billy Bush at the end looking all happy and thanking you for watching the video was probably a poor way to end the clip
Pilots should know exactly what this situation is called. VFR into IMC. Visual flight rules into instrumentation meteorological conditions. It's the number one reason general aviation aircraft crash. They took off from somewhere the weather was clear so they didn't have an instrument flight plan in place. They were flying by visual flight rules. This works great until you fly into the clouds, then it's extremely easy to get lost and disoriented. If they had the opportunity they should have turned around when they saw the cloud layer approaching. They didn't. Once in IMC he should have climbed to an altitude that the terrain shouldn't be an issue, then have the air traffic controllers give them radar vectors to a safe space. They didn't. Such a shame. This is how Stevie Ray Vaughn died too. IMC straight into a mountainside. Completely preventable and absolutely tragic.
Between the hat and the terminology he uses, probably the best eye witness you could find.
This guy is who redditors think they are when they get on their detective shit
They're gonna be playing hard to get that shit tmrw lol
Hell yeah. To be the first recipient of it? Hope to see some hustle
LeBron about to turn up playoff mode in the ASG.
playoff mode: activated ...except with teammates this time
Someone needs to get that pic of Westbrook and Harden taking the ball from each other in 2k and add LeBron to the mix
I've never heard of this so thank you and here's the link for anybody that hasn't seen it. https://youtu.be/OHwm3SxY74Q
Russ’ face had me dead lmfao
LMFAO that was great
disrespect Donyell Marshall again, see what happens
A glimpse of Zero Dark Thirty. ??
Is that the wal mart brand Threat Level Midnight?
Bron Or Giannis. They aint letting Kobe down by taking it easy tomorrow
100% Freak gonna go sicko mode
Giannis basically said he picked the underdogs because he knew he was the most vicious, I’m selling my house tomorrow and putting all of it into Giannis winning that trophy /s (but not really)
r/wallstreetbets
Westbrook or Giannis, not sure who will get it though.
Westbrook is going to play out of his mind tomorrow.
Westbrook going for 24-8-2.
i hate when they do that shit where they let the player whose hometown is the city they're playing in go off and win it. hope that's not what happens.
If Davis goes off he could definitely win it on merit tho, but i doubt they just give it to him unless he does.
Will there be defence?
Not until the 4th quarter No one is going to "go hard" for the MVP tomorrow. They'll be playing at 60% until the end of the game, where they might go up to 90%. Absolutely no one is going "playoff mode" for the entire game.
That’s not Mamba mentality
I want to see them play like it’s game 7 of the finals. That’s what Kobe would want to see.
This would be unbelievable to watch. An all-star game where everyone is playing like it's all on the line. Imagine that shit.
that's how it used to be lol, more or less
BIG W
A nice way to honor Kobe and make sure his name will always be relevant to the nba.
Kudos to Adam Silver for this Lebron playoff mode activated tomorrow to get the first Kobe Bryant trophy
I feel like Silver’s job is so easy. He plays us so well, gives us off-court things we want while adding on-court shit we hate.
Tbh that China thing was a nasty situation.
It was essentially a no win situation for him, he either follows his morals and costs his league and players millions, or he ruins the reputation of the league. Edit: to be clear, I am saying from the perspective of Adam silver it’s a no win situation. If he says no to China, his league loses millions in revenue and even more in potential profit. I’m not saying he was right to ignore morals and ethics, I’m just saying he can’t follow his morals without jeopardizing what’s more important to him which is money. And by doing that he messed up his leagues reputation of being “Woke” and “Socially conscious”.
No win situation Have morals Don't have morals Standing for what is right is hard. It has consequences, and costs. But that doesn't mean it should ever be considered a loss. Standing up for the oppressed is always a win, and anything you lose in the process should be worth it. Unfortunately, people don't really think that way much anymore. Edit: Ok, this has gotten a couple of golds now, so I just want to say to anyone else thinking of gilding it: please don't. On a post about how morally and ethically repugnant China is, giving money to this site when it's backed by a number of Chinese investment companies (Tencent notably) strikes me as wrong. If you really are desperate to throw 5 bucks away, please just consider donating it to a charity of your choice. Or, there are still a number of Honk Kong crowdfuning operations going on to help support those who have been injured during the protests, or their families if they have been killed. Or, just be a good person. Speak up when you see injustice. We could all stand to be better people who take more action in our day-to-day lives.
What sucks is the nba is a business, even if he wanted to say no to China all of his financial backers, partners and nba players would protest him for costing them millions.
Very true, lots of nuanced implications for everyone involved.
Plus the average person says they care . But don't. We are all on Reddit, who is owned by ten cent and backs the china censorship thing. We don't quit Reddit.
So he will lose to the Suns and then r/nba will go "LMAOO EVERYBODY GET IN HERE"
It really is the fit that makes the most sense. Changing the name of the finals mvp would be overcompensating and he deserved something that would be a desirable honor. Really great job by Silver and the NBA here
Isn't the Finals MVP named after Bill Russell? That's why I wasn't for changing that or the logo; Kobe deserves to be honored but not at the expense of someone else who also deserves it.
Exactly. And changing the name to him when he has 2, which 5 people have more (MJ, Magic, Shaq, Duncan, and LeBron), would feel forced
The only argument against that for the logo was that Jerry West didn’t want to be on it. But the NBA never acknowledged it was Jerry West so it would be weird if it was officially Kobe.
the NBA never acknowledged it was Jerry West If they admitted it was based on a specific person they'd owe royalties to that person whenever it's used commercially - which is pretty much every piece of NBA merchandise.
Also even if it's Jerry West, the logo looks like a generic NBA player which is what it should look like. The NBA is not one player. It's all of them, and Kobe is probably the 3rd most legendary player in the history of the NBA, behind Jordan and Lebron I think the ASG MVP trophy is a very appropriate and good way to honor Kobe leaguewide
It’s probably really expensive to change the logo as well. It’s on literally everything
That too. It's just really impractical and I think most people would agree with that now. It was just a thing where people were filled with emotions and were looking for ways to get them out, and changing the logo seemed like a good idea at the time
i agree, the all star game mvp is the perfect amount of appropriateness
The logo is a nice thought but i really never expected it to be taken seriously. I like this.
Big dick Silver Thank you! Very cool!
Very cool! Very Big! Trust me I know big, Silvers is the biggest!
The only W that matters this weekend, good move by Silver
.W....................W ..W........W.......W ...W...W....W...W .....W............W
We eating that W.
The shop?
I love it. As Silver said, he embodies the idea of an All Star MVP. Class move NBA.
Yep. From an actual worthy player standpoint and by a leading vote getter standpoint he did too.
He’s won it more than anyone aside from Bob Pettit too, tied with 4
Great move by Silver. RIP Kobe Bryant
This is the perfect tribute. No need to change anything like the logo but this award is an amazing tribute
I agree. Since 2000, Kobe had more All Star MVP awards than anyone else. Even going back, since Kobe was born to now, no one has more All Star MVP awards than Kobe. Absolutely perfect.
We need a designated player going around breaking other players noses in honor of Kobe
Still can’t believe it even while reading this
I see so many Kobe murals everyday that it feels like he's still around. I miss him. I don't cry much at all anymore, but I get those emotional hits every now and then that take a second to recover from. An entire generation was molded by him, and now we have to carry that torch to help inspire the next generation of kids. I say Mamba Mentality to myself whenever I'm struggling to do anything, whether it be another rep at the gym, staying focused and in the moment, loving my wife, or at work when it's late and I need to slam out that time sensitive assignment. I just make sure that I give everything 100% because I know that's what Kobe would have done. Sorry for the tirade.
It’s fitting because Kobe has the most All Star MVP awards. Also 18x all star and it would have been 19x if it weren’t for the 1999 lockout Kobe deserves this.
Some of those later ones make up for it tbh but yeah, he definitely missed out on an obvious one. Someone should do a “who it would have been?” post for that game.
Badass Don't make me crying Mr. Silver
4-time Kobe Bryant MVP, Kobe Bryant ??
I still can’t believe he’s actually dead
Nobody can really believe it ;(
No one can man. No one can.
His death breaks my heart, the three girls dying breaks my soul
Still can’t believe Kobes dead smh
It’s still weird to think about
Walked from Santa Monica to Venice today and Kobe is everywhere. Anything from dumpster graffiti to murals to t-shirts to jerseys. LA is hurting. I am a very casual NBA fan that grew up here and this really sucks. Glad NBA is doing this.
it just doesn't seem real. like he'll just send a fax saying "i'm back" and he and gianna return
That’s some Kobe type shit. One can only dream.
I read your comment and my mind's immediate reaction was that you were doing a dumb meme but fuck it's real
Anyone else think players might play extra hard to get the award? I imagine Lebron would really want that award
That's what I was thinking. First Kobe Bryant MVP award winner.
Imagine LeBron going full try-hard in an all star game. Shit would be crazy
Shit Giannis probably wants it just as bad.
Wonderful move. It's going to be very emotional for whoever gets it this year.
I hope everyone plays hard this year, that would be a pretty great tribute to Kobe in and of itself
Better than changing the logo for sure
Might be excessive but some of those kobe logos definitely look better than the current
the point of the current logo is for it to look like any random player. you wouldn’t think jerry west if you didnt know who it was.
They do look great but I agree with the rationale of it being faceless so that it can be perceived as being anyone. Like we all know it’s Jerry West but the fact the NBA hasn’t acknowledged that (even if it’s so they don’t have to pay royalties) really means that it could be anyone and I think that’s pretty cool honestly
You love to see it
Adam Silver is what the bum ass NFL commissioner Goddell wishes he could be
Don't even ask what baseball fans think of MLB commissioner Manfred right now. Fans and players are livid on how the Astros got off basically scot-free from cheating their way to a championship. Just compare Silver "Banned for LIFE" to Manfred "slap on wrist and pinky swear you won't do it again".
I think there was some sort of financial scandal on /r/soccer where the entire club was banned for 2 seasons among other penalties. That’s what a punishment looks like. MLB did the sport of baseball wrong.
It was Man City and it was for lying on the payroll. Someone brought it up the other day on a r/baseball thread
I wish we could still see Kobe's reaction to this.. Oh God I just felt sad again just thinking about it. ??
Adam SilWer
Great, but I wish it wasn't the case cuz that means he would still be here :(
Absolute legend
As a baseball fan, it's nice seeing a commissioner who isn't a total moron.
That's great! RIP Mamba and Mambacita
Great decision. Respect
Sometimes it’s still hard to believe he’s gone.
INB4 the mvp says 'I won a Kobe'
Please report any trolls to make it easier for us to spot things; there's a lot going on in this subreddit right now. Be wary of rumors. Thank you. Edit: Treat this as a megathread please. Some posts are being removed since there's such an influx right now. Thanks for understanding. Edit 2: Kobe and Vanessa Bryant Family Foundation if anyone wants to take a look/give support to their foundation.
This hurts me so deeply. He was a hero to me. Laker nation is hurting so badly today, but we are here for each other.
This is fucking terrible, this man inspired a whole generation of kids to play basketball and was doing the same with his daughter post-retirement. This hurts
Big hug for you on this sad day. It really does hurt.
Love you all. This is absolutely devastating.
I’m a grown ass man crying today for a dude I’ve never met. That’s the impact Kobe had on everyone. Mamba forever
Me too man. To be fair, I probably cry more than most men. But I can't ever remember being impacted by a celebrity death like this. Closest I'd ever gotten to tears was Carrie Fisher, but I don't think that really made me cry. Part of me wants to watch Mamba highlights right now, but I just know that'll make me sadder. This sucks. Prayers for Kobe's family.
Horrible news, but thankfully he lived his life the way most people should strive to. Life can end at any moment, and he tried his hardest in any endeavor and made himself a legend. Of course people should be sad, but don't forget what he left behind for inspiration.
Tragic. Very sad to lose a legend so early in life. Kobe Bean was making huge strides in the entertainment industry as well. I really feel for his kids. He seemed like a great father. Horrible news.
at least he got his oscar, that seemed to be what meant most to him, so glad he got to accomplish it
Man that makes it even sadder, he was so young and still had so much more to give the world
I actually disagree, he had so much more to give, but at least he got a chance to show people that, and ultimately, Kobe got to accomplish his dream of winning an oscar and giving back to the game of basketball, he had so much more to do, but the small bit he did do will without a doubt be remembered forever
Can't find any secondary sources, but TMZ is usually legit. I really hope it's fake.
KTLA is also reporting a fatal helicopter crash in Calabasas.
I really hope this shit isnt real edit: :(
Same. I feel like I’m gonna throw up
Apparently a helicopter DID crash in Calabasas.
[deleted]
Multiple confirmations of a plane crash now. Some are also confirming likely fatalities, TMZ just happens to be the only one saying one of the fatalities was Bryant. Edit: Someone edited his wikipedia. Edit2: Some other reporters are also reporting his death, but they all seem to be refereeing the TMZ report. No additional sources. LA times twitter is telling people they are doing their best for independent confirmation. Edit3: International media is picking up on it, some pretty big publications like "Daily Mail". Journalist standards for those types of publications usually only do that if there are multiple independent confirmations. People are either going to be fired over this for falling for a scam or Kobe is dead. Edit4: Now confirmed by almost every news publication on earth. Rest in Peace. Feel bad for the kids.
a heli definitely crashed. let's just hope kobe wasn't on board
I’m about to break down this is so fucked
Did my favorite player of all time just die...wtf
Yeah fam, RIP kobe
WHAT. THE. FUCK.
build this man a fucking statue right in front of Staples,
Absolutely
Greatest Laker of all time. Shit, name the damn arena after him
Name the city after him
Name the state after him
Guaranteed
He was going to get one regardless ??
One for each jersey he wore ?
Needs to be done ASAP
Is this fucking real?? Please say is a hoax! Fuck If so man the world lost an Iconic Human fuck man. Out of words! Edit: I am devastated this is too much. And also the others involved my depest condolences to their families. But personally Kobe was very influential in me. In how he transition with such grace his retirement. And how he changed the game, all he did good or bad it was special. His mindset was unique and I felt like in my life situation I approached everything with that determination and atill do. Such an amazing person and complete of achievements in success in everything in life. Just to take an oportunity if you are still reading, this teaches us how fragile life is and its how you choose to live that makes it fulfilling. Choose to love and help others. Take care of yours and embrace your situation. You will thrive in it always keep that #MambaMentality forever. R.I.P Kobe Bean Bryant the Black Mamba Ps: they just said he was with Gianna omfg this tragedy is too much man! Fuck! Man my prayers to Vanessa
Wait his girls were with him too?
Tmz just confirmed one of his daughters was on board
I love you Kobe.
I came here because this is the only community I belong to where I can share my deep grief with people who understand. I am on a plane from Reno to LA crying like a baby. So sad for his family, friends, the Lakers organization, the NBA, and of course for all of us - his fans. I watched his first game. I went to his last game. I celebrated his victories like they were my own. I remember that giddy kid I met in the NBC cafeteria when he went on Leno and asked if he could have one of my french fries. I looked forward to seeing that accomplished man give a speech when he is inducted into the HOF later this year. We all loved him, even when he made it hard to like him. May he Rest In Peace.
Literally sick to my stomach
I feel like throwing up, like this hero I had since I was in 7th grade, most my life is gone
This hurts so much. I remember watching the 2009 and 2010 finals when I was in middle school at probably the peak of my own love for basketball. Kobe was one of my biggest inspirations. This fucking sucks
I woke up this morning and was in a really great mood. LeBron getting 3rd on scoring. Kobe showing the love and congratulations to him. We lost but Lakers nation was still united for love. I decided to go and do a hike by myself this morning. I was enjoying and told my uncle that I was applying Mamba Mentality to conquer the hike because I’ve been dedicated to bettering myself and losing weight. Had no service for a good while and then as I was coming back and about .5 mile from the start I started getting flooded with messages asking if I was ok. I read what happened and I cried. I looked out into the horizon looking at the city and cried. I cried for Kobe. I cried for his family. I cried for all of us hurting in Laker Nation and the world. This has to be a dream.
Kobe left the lesson, let's honor him by reaching our goals.
no fucking way
WHAT THE FUCK!!! Fuck helicopters man.... I’m gonna cry if this is real.
Gianna is confirmed dead too :( fuck this shit is awful
13 years old. Fucking awful. RIP
This is so tragic. The two seemed so close, going to Lakers games together and Kobe teaching her how to play basketball. IIRC he said at some point that it was her that got him to watch NBA games in his retirement.
This is insane. He's the first retired GOAT basketball star to really be doing great and encouraging things since retirement and in a big way. This feels surreal
When he gets elected to the Hall of Fame, I'm going to be crying just as much as i am right now
This comment just made me realize we'll never hear his H.O.F speech and that's mind blowing
If he isn’t first ballot unanimous decision the whole hall is a joke.
I really hope TMZ got hacked.
Other sources have confirmed the helicopter crash. Five dead.
The same way Stevie Ray Vaughan died; fog covered up a mountain and it looks like the helicopter just crashed right into it this is devastating. I never watched him in his prime, only the twilight of his career. His poor family, oh my god
SRV was my favorite guitar player. That was a shock. Now this....
Man this sucks! I'm so sorry r/Lakers from everyone at r/jazz
There is no r/Lakers or r/jazz today. We are all one team
I hope this is a fucking hoax!
https://twitter.com/LASDHQ/status/1221514409056432128?s=20
This just ruined my whole fuking year
I just quit my job because of this... I was supposed to go in, I called and said I lost someone very important in my life and that I wouldn't be able to focus and couldn't come in, boss talked me into coming in for a few hours and I relented and agreed just to get off the phone. I get there and told them I was just going to do whatever backlogged work there was and then leave. Not 2 minutes later the boss is calling me to chew me out about how dare I dictate to him when I will leave, etc. I calmly gather my things, walk out the door, and text him "I quit." Fuck that felt good. For the record before people bitch about me being an idiot: I already have another job lined up and was going to quit anyway but I was at least going to give them 2 weeks notice. But fuck em now.
You're not an idiot. Everybody grieves differently.
Nah man fuck em. You’re more than a cog. Good for you.
if you weren't happy, fuck it. enjoy your mini vacation
I feel you bro. Some people don't understand. I'm about damn near dropping my girl over this bro cuz she don't understand.
Good on you. Enjoy the new journey. Best of luck.
My Dad died a few years ago, and one of the things we bonded over the most was our love of the Lakers. Me and him went to so many games over the years to watch Kobe and they’re some of my fondest memories. Losing Kobe feels like losing another piece of my dad and it’s just bringing so much emotion back. I know this isn’t about me, but I have no where else to share this. I’m just so heartbroken for his family, the city of LA, and everyone in the world who admired the man. I’ve never cried about a celebrity’s death until today.
Ya I have such a sick gut feeling. I really just hope they got wrong info.
I hope this isn't true dude. Gonna legit cry. I fell in love with basketball as a young kid because of this man. I feel for his family, especially for his daughters if this is true.
WHAT THE FUCK
From everyone at r/sixers, we mourn his loss with you. A legend who forever changed the game. Basketball will never be the same. RIP Kobe. Edit: OMG his daughter was there too. This is so sad I'm at a loss for words. I'm actually crying. RIP Gianna Maria
Wtf??
No no no no no. Please tell me this is a fucking sick joke from TMZ.
ABC Report
...
Aw fuck man. This is looking like it’s real
My friend had such a great take on Kobe "Growing up, it was always incredible to watch how generations within immigrant households here in Los Angeles could be bridged through a shared love for Kobe Bryant, beyond lived experiences or language barriers."
I haven’t watched basketball in forever. But Kobe was my childhood hero. I really hope this isn’t true
Other sources starting to come in. https://www.local10.com/news/local/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-dies-in-california-helicopter-crash/ Edit ABC Eyewitness 7 tweet confirmation. https://twitter.com/abc7curt/status/1221517701987721216 Edit 2 Adding another one from variety. Says officials confirmed to variety independently that Kobe was on that copter. https://variety.com/2020/biz/news/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash-lakers-1203480844/
Fuck championship. Please bring back kobe.
Bruh his daughter died too, what the fuck kind of shit is this
This shit even if fake gave me instant chills
Knicks fan coming to pay my respects. RIP to the GOAT. There will never be another like him. #MambaOut
All I can imagine is him looking down, shaking his head, and saying “soft” at us being this sad. RIP Mamba
Cried on his last game, cried today. This man was one of the most important figures of my childhood. So much so, that throughout my whole life I've been known as the basketball guy around my circle of friends and ever since he retired, my interest in the league has gone down like a motherfuck. Where I was watching 1 or 2 games a day, this season I've watched maybe 2. Love the man, I only wish that life allows me to somehow pay him back for everything he gave me.
Spurs fan giving my condolences to all of you, a true legend gone too soon
This might get lost, but fr, rip to a fucking legend man. He was a great guy, and the basketball world will miss him greatly. -Bucks visitor
Cancel all NBA games today.
Daughter too https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
They’ve confirmed his second oldest daughter passed as well ?
I pray this isn't fucking true edit: they just added a picture of the crash from afar
My hero is gone
Throw this fucking year away. This man made me watch basketball. I yell kobe everytime I throw things in the trash. Wow. I'm at a loss for words.
Jazz fan. I always had a love hate following for Kobe. He frustrated me since he seemed to just always beat us, but I respected the hell out of his play. I was frustrated he got his 60 point farewell game against us but you have to admit greatness when you see it. I can’t imagine waking up tomorrow and hearing someone like John Stockton dying in an accident. Hope you all are ok, life Is precious Kobe is an all time great and got to live his life doing what he loved He will be remembered for generations
This better be fucking fake
I'm not a Lakers fan, but I came here to say that the entire basketball community is hurting along with you all today. Pour one out for a one of a kind legend tonight. The world just got a whole lot less special.
Hi, coming in from r/all. I was never a big basketball fan, but I grew up in southern California and knew just how much people in LA and the surrounding communities loved the Lakers and Kobe. My condolences to Kobe's family, the Lakers, and all Lakers fans everywhere.
WHAT DA FUUUUUCK??? Tragic as fuck man.
L
E
G
E
N
D
A
R
Y
Goodbye
M
A
M
B
A
Goodbye
Most of the stuff on here is people saying great things about him. Oddly wholesome for this community.
Was thinking the same thing.
Too much hurt
G
R
E
A
T
Goodbye
F
F
F
F
Goodbye
So this is how I find out he died. Wow
Is he dead?
Yes, and his 13 year old daughter. https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/28569438/kobe-bryant-dead-helicopter-crash
god, can you imagine what his wife is going through right now? she lost her husband and daughter in a day. i can’t even begin to imagine that kind of pain.
I lost my mom a few months ago. She was a few years older than Kobe. It’s hands down the worst thing I have ever experienced, and my childhood wasn’t exactly great (not my moms fault in any way — she was the only good thing about it). I can’t even imagine going through that AND the loss of a child at the same time. Fuck.
I upvoted this because I feel your comments. Using an upvote feels wrong, though, it seems the opposite of what I’d like to relay. I’m so sorry for your loss, and the loss of Kobe and his daughter, and how it must bring back some hard feelings for you. My thoughts are with you.
And the kids, especially the older one. Losing a little sister and your dad, and having thousands of people who didn’t care about you yesterday give their condolences.
I don't watch basketball that much but I feel hurt on hearing upon the news.
Worst part is she found out through TMZ. Fuck Harvey Levin for wanting clicks.
I found out from a freaking Weather Channel app notification.
That goodbye hit deep tho
Really. That double meaning really helped what happened sink in in a weird way.
A
W
E
S
O
M
E
Goodbye
F
A
M
I
L
Y
Goodbye.
GOOD MORNING USA
FUCK WRONG SHOW
T
A
L
L
Goodbye
Ain't wrong
B
L
A
C
K
Goodbye
r/technicallythetruth
r/noteventechnically
r/thetruth
W
O
N
D
E
R
F
U
L
Goodbye
B
A
T
Goodbye
Wow, we lost Kobe Bryant and Batman on the same day...
F
U
N
K
Y
Goodbye
G
O
O
D
Goodbye.
I’ve had a night to sleep on it and it still doesn’t feel real
It was terrible waking up today and realizing he’s still gone.
This one was the worst. I been in a haze all day yesterday. Been watching all the clips, all the blurbs, condolences. Woke up today hoping it wasn't true, but it still is. This one sucks so hard.
I couldn’t even sleep!
I couldn’t sleep either bro. Had no idea it was going to affect me the way it has. Watching him play on TV and do superhuman things as a kid with my friends around me will always be a part of my childhood. I got gradually sadder as the day went on and tossed and turned all night thinking about his wife and family after losing him and Gigi. This is so sad.
Same here brother. Was tossin' and turning all night long.
I kept checking on my kids all night, just to see them sleeping and making sure they were ok.
I had work in four hours and all I was thinking about was how I needed sleep. Just couldn’t stop crying after finally getting to a private place after a busy day.
Still havent slept
My favorite Kobe quote. Something we all can relate to in tough times. He said this to GOrdon Hayward after that horrible leg injury. “Be sad. Be mad. Be frustrated. Scream. Cry. Sulk. When you wake up you will think it was just a nightmare only to realize it’s all too real. You will be angry and wish for the day back, the game back THAT play back. But reality gives nothing back and nor should you. Time to move on and focus on doing everything in your power to prepare for surgery, ask all the questions to be sure you understand fully the procedure so that you may visualize it in your subconscious while being operated on and better the chance of it’s success. Then focus on the recovery process day by day by day. It’s a long journey but if you focus on the mini milestones along the way you will find beauty in the struggle of doing simple things that prior to this injury were taken for granted. This will also mean that when you return you will have a new perspective. You will be so appreciative of being able to stand, walk, run that you will train harder than you ever have. You see the belief within you grow with each mini milestone and you will come back a better player for it. Best of luck to you on this journey my brother #mambamentality always.” https://www.instagram.com/p/BaZQjy1gyv2/?hl=en
This is really apt and probably exactly what Kobe would say to us now, changing the stuff about surgery to be about moving on from death. The hardest parts, though, are the bits about "recovery" from a surgery vs. recovering from a death. Ugh.
May Mamba and little Mambacita rest in peace.
Bean and Baby Bean.
Please Lakers build a statue of him and Gigi outside of the Staples
That’s a given
Maybe playing basketball
Her sitting on his shoulders shooting the ball.
Kobe Blocking her cause he ain't backing down to anyone
He didn’t believe in cutting people slack
still one of my favorite commercials. needed this laugh.
Her trying to get him to flinch and he just stands there like a statue
Man.. one of the GOAT Kobe moments
My personal favorite Kobe moment of all time The birth of ‘mamba jaw’ is up there too.
I was behind giving him 2, one for 8 and one for 24 but we need one celebrating him as a man. Hopefully they build this to celebrate how special the bond between Kob and Gigi was
I say instead you dedicate those two seats to them and leave them unoccupied from now on
I feel like Kobe wouldn't want to be the reason two fans couldn't see basketball live.
Yep...put a plaque on them and donate them to a local shelter or something and let a couple of kids come to each game.
Wow this would be perfect
He would get one regardless of this tragedy :(
He would. But including Gigi would be incredible. I hope they do this
he needs a MONUMENT for the entire city of LA, not just a statue at the staples center
Is it a bad idea if they could somehow capture the moment of them courtside? How he was explaining a play to her. Could be a different take than an on court moment. Either way I imagine the Lakers have already talked about it.
200 feet tall made of solid gold
And it still wouldn't be tall enough
It will definitely be there
I'm from Portugal, 35yo. When I was growing up, on Sunday afternoons there was an "NBA Action" program on TV in which we followed Michael Jordan's greatest accomplishments. It was awesome but I was a little young to fully appreciate the game and the GOAT. Fast forward to high school, my class is merged with the sports students curriculum and we have this friend of ours who is ALL Kobe Bryant. The only kid with a huge NBA Jersey in school, and in P.E. he does all the Kobe moves, and does them well. We bonded over basketball and I get back into watching NBA at 23pm, 00pm, 01am, just to see Kobe & company, and he was amazing. Became my favorite, even over Jordan. We haven't spoke >10 years, but today that colleague was the first person I messaged when I saw the news. He's crushed and so am I. RIP Mamba.
Português aqui, da mesma geração. Único jogador da NBA de quem tenho uma camisola, comprada no início dos 00s. It hits hard. :(
I’m an NBA fan moved to the US from China seven years ago. I just want to share how great influence Kobe Bryant has in China. Yesterday’s news hit me really hard, and I didn’t know how to process it. Many times, I woke up from sleep last night, and I still couldn’t believe that it was true. I opened my Chinese social media WeChat, and all I could see was that everyone was posting photos of Kobe and mourning for him. I mean literally everyone, from hardcore basketball fans to people who seemed to have no interest in the sport at all. Even my 85 year old grandma wrote something about Kobe. That’s how I realize Kobe’s legacy has went beyond countries and sports. MJ made NBA a global sport in the 1990s, Yao opened the door of NBA for the Chinese fans in the early 2000s, and Kobe was the face of the league in that era. It’s safe to say that Kobe is THE biggest international athlete in China. In the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Opening Ceremony, Kobe was the only non-Chinese athlete who got over 10 seconds screen time on the CCTV (Chinese Central TV). After the Daryl Murray incident last year, the CCTV hasn’t broadcast one single game or any NBA news including the pass of David Stern. However, CCTV decided to air the news for Kobe this time. “Have you seen Los Angeles at 4 AM? I see it often because that’s when I start training.” Almost every Chinese basketball fan can tell you this quote from Kobe. “Los Angeles at 4 AM” has since become the symbol of hard-working and persistence in Chinese pop culture. Students studying hard for exams, workers working long hours, people from all walks of life have been using this phrase to encourage each other. They may not know how many championship rings Kobe had or who Black Mamba was, but Mamba Mentality has already planted it roots in a country thousands miles away encouraging people everyday to go out and be the best of themselves. I believe Kobe would be in his great signature smile if he knew this. Thank you ???
I’ll never forget you Kobe, you’ll always be my favorite player. I love you.
I don’t post often on reddit anymore but I wanted to leave a message on this thread because Kobe meant a lot to me. I started watching basketball religiously in 1998 when I saw Kobe drop 33 points in one half against the Magic. After that, he was easily my favourite player. I followed the entirety of his career - I watched him get booed in Philly at the ASG, I saw him demand a trade, I saw players and fans turn on him, and then I saw the greatest redemption story in sports - the championships, the reconciliation with Shaq, and now, the mentor role he had taken with today's players. I have never dealt with death before and when I first heard the news yesterday I went numb. It sounded like a fake headline. I just kept saying "WHAT?!" over and over. Legends aren't supposed to die randomly at 41 on a routine flight to a basketball game. I cried seeing Trae Young's instagram post. I cried seeing Shaw crack. I cried seeing Jay Williams cry. It was okay to cry. This morning I woke up and it still all just felt like a dream. It doesn't sound real. It can't be real. Kobe - thank you for giving me some of the best moments of my life. Watching you hit the game winner against the Suns in 06 allowed me to yell and scream in jubilation at my brother who always rooted against you; seeing you win the championship in 09 allowed me to run around my college residence screaming at the top of my lungs; your final 60 point game allowed me to share my favourite player's last game with my now wife. You touched my life and my mentality towards success In so many ways. RIP Kobe and Gianna.
I cried seeing Trae Young's instagram post. I cried seeing Shaw crack. I cried seeing Jay Williams cry. It was okay to cry. Doc Rivers bro. Shit gets me
Tried taking my mind off of what happened to Kobe and decided to go for a walk. In 2 hours of walking I passed by 5 public courts all packed with ballers of different generations, everyone wearing Kobe gear. Even passed by a group of guys pouring one out for the Mamba while watching highlights. Even when the news came out, my family members (except my dad who is also a bball fan) who know nothing about basketball, especially the NBA, came up to me and quickly asked me how I was doing. They know how much Kobe means to me. This is actually fucking stupid because I've never experienced grieving for someone. Grandparents died before I was born and the ones I grew up with up until now - my family and friends- are all still complete. Kobe's death is literally the first experience of grief I've ever had and shit's just so heavy. Never felt as bad as this even when other celebrities/musicians I idolized died. And I say all of this as a person who got into the NBA because of Shaq, yes when they feuded and Shaq was traded I was on his side and treated Kobe as the villain. From being a bench player up until winning an Oscar, I've followed Kobe. I went through all sorts of feelings from liking him, despising him, loving him but I damn sure respected him through all of it. I was so looking forward to Kobe's post-playing life. Shows, documentaries, commentating games, talk show appearances, mentoring new players, future WNBA courtside perfect attendance dad and now those are all just what ifs. Feel sorry for his family especially his wife, it's only been 6 months since the youngest was born. She has to go through all that without Kobe. I never want to know how it feels to lose a partner and a child at the same time and I hope nobody else does. Life is fucking brutal.
Ugh. Told myself not to even try redditing today. You summed it up beautifully. Might have to be away for a while, just painful to read it all.
I’ve never really been hit hard by a celebrity death before. But this one has really gotten to me. Kobe meant so much to me as a player and as a person. I will never forget that gut wrenching feeling I had when I woke up to the news of the accident. It’s also so incredibly sad that his daughter, only 13, didn’t get to live the life she deserved to have. You can’t help but think about what Vanessa is going through right now after losing her husband and daughter. This is just unbelievable, it hasn’t set in yet and I don’t think it will for a while. Although he won’t be there to make his speech, his Hall or Fame induction is going to be one to remember. The man was 41, he had just 4 years as a full time parent and he had a whole life ahead of him that he didn’t get to experience. Gianna’s dreams of playing in the WNBA and continuing on the Bryant legacy is no longer a possibility. She was a 13 year old kid, her life had hardly begun before it was taken away. Kobe, you were a true legend of the game and an inspiration to me and millions of others. You won’t ever be forgotten.
I didn’t expect a celebrity death to hit me this hard either. Usually it’s sad, but not decimating. This left me feeling like I didn’t want to do anything for the rest of the day yesterday. And I still felt weird when I woke up this morning. I’m usually one to look on the bright side of things, but it’s hard with this. It’s too tragic.
I woke up for my night shift and saw the news yesterday. I cried for about 2 hours before going in. I didn't want to talk to anyone or even have to function. Celebrity deaths don't usually impact me but damnnn this one hurt. This man inspired an entire globe! Bigger than basketball. More than athlete. Much love Kobe ??????
This doesn’t feel real..
I woke up this morning genuinely confused thinking it was a bad dream. Today the reality is soaking in and it's just so surreal.
Still can't believe it. Kobe was the reason I hoop and I would have never imagined him going out this way, so early in his life. His daughter was shaping up to be a star, so much potential that we'll never get to witness. This is just shitty on so many levels. Celebrity deaths never hit me so hard but it's fucking Kobe man...
I was literally choking back tears in the break room at work yesterday when I found out. I had no idea how hard this was gonna hit me either. It's so terrible.
Bill Simmons was right, yesterday was the saddest day in NBA history
This is the saddest month in NBA history
Dear Kobe, You broke my heart. My Spurs flair alone is probably testament enough to that. I was just young enough that His Airness was starting to ride off into the sunset, so my entire childhood you haunted me (Derek Fisher and 0.4 notwithstanding) and after the three-peat I thought we were safe. But seeing you so effortlessly and ruthlessly handle teams, including mine, even in your down years, kept me checking under my bed for The Boogeyman wearing 8. I wasn't the only one you haunted. You came back. Really, you never left. From the mid to the late 00's you crept, you metamorphosed into a devil in purple and gold, The Black Mamba, Number 24. I thought you the Destroyer of Worlds. You willed 81 points into the history books using your blood, sweat, and tears. You dragged the ancient Celtic-Lakers battles of the past into the present day, kicking and screaming, and laid them bare before us, daring us to find a more important historical backbone to this league that we love. You were a historian, making history. Vino. A boogeyman less and less everyday, but someone who still found another gear, and made every game close when he visited the Alamo City in his twilight years. Even in your last year, the farewell tour you wanted to avoid, you pushed foes, stars, young and old, to their brink, even as you were hobbled and limped off the floor some nights. And then April 13th, 2016 you chose to burn your name into the stars one last time. All those hurts and pain you had inflicted when I watched you, they washed away for one night, and I was your biggest fan. We all were. You were down, the Jazz looked to have the game locked up, and the youngbloods on the team were passing you the ball so you could at least go out scoring in what looked to be your final loss. 4th quarter. 82-70 Utah. 9:38 left in the game. Left in your career. You had 37. Your J was gone, and I saw, truly, that you were just a man, heaving, huffing, puffing, drenched in sweat. But one last time, you wanted to be The Boogeyman. You kept finding the basket. I kept screaming in joy for this Laker dream crusher. It was almost a religious experience, I couldn't believe what I was watching. In what felt like a blink of the eye, you had 60 points, the Jazz had collapsed in the face of your immutable will, and the Staples Center sounded like it would come crashing down. Mamba Out. You left. The game was a little emptier. You became an elder statesman more and more everyday, and important to a new generation. You breathed life into a poem and won an Oscar. You were the next Bill Russell. I wondered what you'd say at his funeral. Your own Hall of Fame induction. But now? All I'm left wondering is what will Russell say at yours? Jordan? The Zen Master? Superman? Tim, Manu, and Tony? The King? What would Gianna have changed about the WNBA? What ripples would those other lost souls that day have made? Yesterday, you did it again, Kobe Bryant. You broke my heart. RIP Edit: Cleaned up minor grammar issues I couldn't see earlier through the tears.
From one Spurs fan to another you couldn't have said it much better. Went from a guy I loathed as a kid to a guy I really respected and appreciated as I got older. I used to hate his sneer as he hit dagger after dagger; but then I grew up and grew to love hearing the eloquent way he would talk about the game, both strategically and psychologically. I was looking forward to his HoF enshrinement with Tim and KG more than just about any other basketball event in my life time.
Man... that last part really hit me. This letter was beautiful. Thanks for that. RIP Mamba :(
His death was so unexpected and he seemed to want to support young talent in every turn, which means so much. I saw Shaq's son posts about the text messages Kobe sent him when he was going through surgery. It also hits me extra hard because I am a fairly new father. I was never afraid of dying before. Didn't want to die but it wasn't a scary thing for me. But then I had kids. The thought of not being there, of not being able to watch them grow and flourish and not being able to help them along the way scares me. My thoughts are with his family who lost him and a daughter/ sister. And also to the other families. This is already a difficult time and seeing photos of the wreckage on the media cannot help. Such a loss, so sad.
Mods deleted my post, so. Wrote this when he retired and it's the same reasons I hurt then why I hurt like hell now: I remember the first time I learned about the NBA. My family would go to Manila to visit family and as an eight year old, my instinct was to skip the hugs and kisses and head straight to my uncle’s computer cafe to play games. One of the games on the PCs happened to be NBA Live 2001. I am by no means an athletic child or a particularly adept gamer, but I was thrilled by the sport being played out before me. My older cousins had all chosen to play as the Lakers, so of course, I did too. They seemed the most debonair, with their gold jerseys edged with purple. A few months after, I saw my first NBA game. It was grainy footage played on VCR at a relative’s house. The game was May 13, 2001, Game 4 of Lakers vs. Kings in the Western Conference Semifinals. At one point, a slim guard with an afro missed a layup then fought through 3 other players (all taller and bigger than him) to get his own offensive rebound and make the basket in his second try. He was, in a sport meant to be played as a team, an individual. Even then, #8 struck me as selfishly absorbed in the game. This man--playing a sport I knew nothing about and in a country over 8,000 miles away from mine--understood what it was to have a singular purpose: to win. I was ten years old when my family moved to America. I started 5th grade in December and tried to learn how the country worked. I would spend everyday at recess walking back and forth on the concrete edge between grass and woodchips, talking to myself. At home I’d go on YouTube and watch the viral videos of the 00s--Numa Numa, Badger Badger Snake, Smosh, and--of course--basketball highlights. Eventually, I learned where to find live streams of games. I read articles and studied every statistic. I went on basketball forums and blogs and learned how to trash talk with the best of them. Being a Laker fan made me feel part of a community, even as I remained alien at school and in my actual community. Being a Kobe fan helped me feel alright with that. Kobe never seemed to care about his teammates. He never seemed to care about glory or fame. He did not even seem to care about being labeled a criminal all that much. During that time, he looked mostly irritated that his mind had to be preoccupied with something other than basketball. It was comforting to watch someone be so consumed with not failing that he drove himself to heights of greatness beyond what he was supposed to. It was encouraging to know that someone can be so consumed by not failing that he often drove himself to failure. I cried myself to sleep because my classmates made fun of my accent. Then I spent hours reading books and looking up how unfamiliar words were pronounced. I would say them over and over until I pronounced them correctly, like an American. My mother would open my door and ask why I was talking to myself. I learned how to make relevant cultural references, what music to listen to, and made friends. I was quickly seen as the straight-A nerd, a leader in the community and the various clubs I was in. I graduated high school in three years and made it to a top public university where I found success as a student and in my job. All effort was made into a singular purpose: to win. I worked so hard and was so consumed with not failing that I drove myself to insanity. Every perceived failure was a devastating blow to my ego. I would beat myself up over and over until I got it right. Through it all I watched Kobe going through the same experiences. The triumph of a made buzzer beater that would win us the game. The tragedy of trying to take over because he would not bring himself to trust his teammates, so he would end up making 21% from the field and lose the game for us. During games when he was missing every shot, Kobe seemed unable to control himself. He would keep firing missed jumper after missed jumper. I’m not gonna stop, the blank stare seemed to say, until I get it right. When I read his retirement letter, I cried. I cried not because basketball is losing one of its greatest players, or because he never did surpass Jordan. I cried because when I watch basketball next year, I’m going to look out into that court and no longer see a kindred spirit. So, to Kobe: Thank you. Thank you for having a will so stubborn that for years, you would not accept you were human. Thank you for a goodbye letter that was not addressed to your teammates, your fans, your family, nor your friends, but to the sport. Thank you for the sincere love you have for what you chose to do. Thank you for having no other purpose other than to over-achieve. Thank you. Because even though we, with you being a 6 foot 6 inch tall incredibly athletic black man and me being a 5 foot tall completely unfit and slightly chubby Filipina woman, could not be any more different, we carry a same singularity of purpose that made me feel less alone. Always, A fan. *EDIT: Thank you for the silvers and gold and the supportive comments. It helps that I'm not alone in mourning. Hope everyone has a good day.
Crazy how many emotional posts just like this were taken down last night by the moderators.
This might be what Roberto Clemente’s death felt like back then.
I saw Kobe at Disney World once. He didn't have a security team, there was one big dude with him & his family but I assumed it was his buddy not security. It was probably security looking back though. Anyway, I didn't want to fangirl or anything. I just kinda lined up our paths and held out a fist as I walked by. He fist bumped me and gave a little nod. And that was that. Just a dope little memory of mine that he surely never remembered but I never forgot. Always seemed like a genuine dude who was always aware of his impact/influence and always used it in a positive way. Not much more you could ask for in a public figure.
That's a nice story, thanks for sharing that
I have tried to put into words why Kobe's death affected me so hard, and I think I finally came to the decision that it was because: he was invincible. He was a different kind of star. Most athletic stars do things that we didn't think were humanly possible. But Kobe did things that we didn't think were possible from him he accomplished things by a sheer force of will that he was written off from doing. Like hitting 2 free throws with a torn Achilles, or putting up 60 in his last game. RIP GOAT
I assured my wife last night that I was sad about this loss a LITTLE bit but not like I was seeing everyone else reacting to it, and mind you, I'm a huge Lakers and Kobe fan. My wife, not being largely into any sports in general, wanted to know what was so great about this guy that people are feeling like this. I explained that his achievements as a player are unquestionably worth all praise but ultimately it's just a game and there are far greater things to shed tears about... Then, after a long pause, I said, "I'll tell you what DOES make me sad about this is his family..." and suddenly I burst into tears and I couldn't stop crying and I couldn't talk and my wife, surprised, starting quietly crying too. After a little composure, I explained that the saddest part to this story is his family, his wife, his other daughters, who finally, after taking a back seat, patiently waiting for Dad to chase his dreams and silence his critics and slay his demons, FINALLY get Dad to themselves, only to get three brief years, no doubt the best three years they've had as a family thus far, to now have to find it in themselves to try to move on and try to carry the torch of the "Mamba Mentality". I feel so sad now and I get the sadness everyone is feeling. It forces me to grieve my personal losses because it's not the games he played that's causing people's grief. It's the mortality we all face, the realization that unfortunate events cannot be tamed or stopped or bought or influenced by fame, fortune, goals or good intentions. He was no angel, not perfect, but he acknowledged it, and worked hard to redeem himself and his family. I keep thinking about his last moments and as sad as the images in my imagination are, I certainly hope there was little to no suffering and I hope that being with Gianna made it a little easier for each other. It breaks my heart. I'm so sad. May the Bryant's find peace and comfort soon.
Stuart Scott is calling Kobe highlights upstairs now
“What were you doing when the Warriors broke the ‘96 Bulls regular season record?” “Watching Kobe drop 60 in his last game vs. Utah”
i just managed to listen to jerry west's interview. "i felt like i've lost a son. an i'm...i'm frankly not doing very well" oh my god
As a teen, I was in a deep depression and I felt like nothing mattered. My grades sucked, my mom had high hopes and I let her down. When I got to college, I wasted away my first quarter with more of the same bad habits I had in high school. Then I watched a postgame interview of Kobe's. And I got into watching more of his videos. The things he said resonated with me. A lightbulb clicked. His message remained constant: "Put in tireless, relentless effort, and you'll have what you want in life. I guarantee it." So I did. I spent hours locked away in the library, studying. When I felt like quitting, I asked myself what Kobe would do. And I got my reward. Dean's list, graduated with honors, and a good job out of college. Those are Kobe's honors, not mine. And honestly, they don't even matter. What mattered was the satisfaction of knowing I gave 110% effort. Win or lose, I tried my best and I wouldn't have regretted it regardless of the outcome. I may never have met him, but he impacted me and I'll forever be grateful for him. I'll sum up the wisdom I gained from Kobe for anyone who needs it: Put in the work, put in the time, be obsessed with whatever skill you want to get better at or goal you have for yourself. Let it dominate every thought in your head. Constantly ask yourself how you can improve, even a little bit, today. Ask yourself this every day. One step at a time, keep moving forward. Don't worry about yesterday or about tomorrow, just about taking that one step today. Soon you'll look back and wonder how you got as far as you did
Mods. Put this mod post in the megathread.
For someone who never really witnessed MJ's prime, Kobe was our MJ. RIP Black Mamba and Mambacita.
I’m a 36 year old man from Finland. I’ve been following the NBA from MJ’s third championship. That means I saw one game and after that just read everything I could. This was pre-internet and I was 9 so it started slowly but surely. Kobe was my favourite player after MJ was done. After a while I decided to hate the Lakers and ”hating” on Lakers was a lot fun because Kobe was so freaking good. I have a lot of good memories of him and I’m grateful to have seen his whole basketball career. I enjoyed still seeing him near the game, like just a while back when he was courtside and shared a moment with Luka. When I got the news I was dumbfounded. I couldn’t believe it. It got more real during the day today. I was keeping the tears in for the whole day at work and when I got home I just let it out. Couldn’t help it. I was surprised... here I am; 36 year old male, crying for a dude I never even met. But I feel like I knew him. I feel like I’m part of a big basketball family today and we all mourn together. There’s something beautiful in all of this. Still wish it wasn’t true. Miss you already Kobe, rest easy. You too Gigi.
A few years ago I was going through a rough patch in my life. I had an addiction problem, was severely depressed, and had no positive prospects in my life. I spent a lot of nights watching Kobe highlights, watching interviews with him, wishing that I could be like him, or at least have a fraction of his mentality about life so that I too could be a winner. He's always been my favorite basketball player since childhood; I had Lakers gear because of him, one of favorite birthday presents ever was a Kobe signature hoodie and track pants set. During his last season, I got to finally see him play in person for the first time. I was in the nosebleeds and it was just a midseason game, but it was still magical. I was glued to my laptop screen watching him hit 60 during his farewell game, which was so inspiring. I'm doing well today and all of that seems like a distant memory now (including my own troubles) but Kobe was always a lighthouse for me, a perfect example for how to be. I love you Kobe, thanks for everything, I'll miss you and I wish your family strength as they get over the loss of an amazing father and daughter.
It still doesn't feel real. Basketball has been a huge part of my life ever since I could remember. Even though I spent my 26 years rooting against him and his team, I still had an enormous amount of respect for him on and off the court. Kobe was a different kind of person, there was just something about him. A killer instinct that only a select few athletes have. His personal drive could be felt through the TV. It always felt hopeless when you saw him get going and it was spectacular (also depressing for my team) to watch. I cried on and off all day yesterday, watching/reading all the teams, players, coaches, celebrities, friends, family, and strangers across every sport, fandom, hobby, entertainment medium, and social media sites give tribute to Kobe, his daughter, and the others that were on board. Kobe transcended basketball and sports all together and showed us what hard work can do for someone, Mamba Mentality. Now, as I'm fighting back tears writing this, sitting at my desk, next to my large picture of Jordan guarding Kobe, I feel almost empty. Something is missing, and it won't be filled for a while. I've never owned Laker merch outside of the Lakers Shaq jersey my friend gave me in middle school as a joke (which I buried deep in my closet and never wore) but I think I'm going to break that streak and go get a Kobe jersey in his honor, maybe I'll shadowbox it, who knows? I'll never stop saying your name whenever I'm at the park or throwing away a ball of paper Kobe. I miss you and the basketball world won't be the same without you and your daughter to make your marks. R.I.P. Kobe Bryant and Gianna Bryant
I’ve been a Lakers fan my whole life, chose to wear #8 on all my soccer teams because of Kobe. I’ve been lucky that I’ve never had to deal with a loss of a loved one or family, I never thought someone’s passing who I never even met would hit me so hard. I thought I had things under control until my Dad texted me. “You have probably heard the news about Kobe by now. One of the best of nights of my life was seeing him go off and sharing it with you. I still have the tickets.” This was a game in 06/07 my that my Dad took me too. Kobe scored 60+ right in front of us. I had no idea my Dad looked at that night so fondly. Reading about how much Kobe loved being a father made me realize that my Dad felt the same way. These small moments we as kids might take for granted really do mean the world to our parents. I turn 30 in a few weeks and this whole tragedy has really made me take a step back and reevaluate what’s important in life. I don’t have much more to say, this is all still very difficult. Just tell your loved ones you love them. Thanks for reading.
Man I’m a New Yorker down to the bunions and hated Kobe and hated on him in a way that would’ve made him proud. But I’d be lying if I said I wouldn’t have dumped a body in the Hudson if it meant 20 years of Kobe playing in the north east. He was everything sports should be about. A guy you either love 100% or hate 100% and no in between. But he played the game in a way and left a mark on this sport and this world that is really unmatched and never will be matched. This is truly a devastating tragedy that puts life into perspective in such a fucked up way that you’re reminded of how beautiful it is to be able to celebrate and witness a player like Kobe and how very very important it is to let the people who care about you know you care about them. That’s all that matters in life. RIP Kobe And these are the men we should cry for and celebrate and Prop up and be immortalized for the legendary human beings they were before their life tragically ended. Kobe transcended basketball and seeing him after retirement was just so beautiful to see him enjoying every minute he got to spend with his family. No family deserves to lose their husband and daughter on their way to a basketball game Sunday morning but knowing it was Kobe and his daughter is so surreal. I figured Kobe would just beat the grim reaper in 1on1 forever. He will love on forever thru his basketball accomplishments but Kobe the father and husband is no longer able to be with his family for the rest of their lives and that is truly heartbreaking for me
I would never have considered myself a Kobe fan, but I love the game of basketball, which means I love Kobe. I don't think there's another player in our generation so touched by the game, who lived it so completely, who immersed themselves in the history of it, and who was ready in their role to see the sport evolve and curate the wisdom and combined knowledge of the game for those to come. I've been taking this hard. I eulogized him the only way I know how: a morning shootaround workout as soon as the my gym opened at 5 am. I think he would appreciate his death leading to more appreciation for the game. RIP Kobe Bean Bryant
I grew up watching NBA during the Jordan era and slowly watched legend after legend retire until in my mind all the legends had retired, I stopped watching the NBA as being in Australia and without cable it wasn't convenient enough for me to continue to watch. I would always hear the name Kobe, would see his highlights, see him on the cover of games but didn't know anything about Kobe apart from that. My younger brother then got into the sport and he fell in love with Kobe & the Lakers, he would pass his time after work watching Kobe highlights and looking for Kobe merch. His mood will change based off how the Lakers went, If they won I would be forced to watch the game winning play, forced to watch his interviews until it reached a point I was a part of the fandom. Me and my brother bonded over Kobe, last yeah we had the honor to listen to him talk live in Melbourne, he just seemed invincible, live another level of human, strong and bulletproof. Today I was shocked waking up to find he wasn't in fact bullet proof, I had to make my way to my brothers and wake him up to tell him the news, i felt a responsibility to break it to him the same way I felt the responsibility to break the news to him of family passing in the past. He was asleep and i called his name 3 times and he just ignored me so I just said "Sorry Bro, Kobe died in a helicopter crash" he jumped up in shock, we would always joke with each other and try to trick each other about believing the stupidest lies but he didn't question this, this wasn't something to joke about. We just sat in silence and from time to time would utter What the fu...... I was a passing fan and am heart broken, I can't imagine what his hardcore fans are feeling let alone his family, it's unbearable to think of his final moments with his daughter, I can only imagine him being clutch and looking to keep her calm in her final moments. RIP Kobe & all on board.
Seeing Kobe 1978-2020 still doesn't feel real..
Sweet, a chance to pour my heart out with out sounding like a complete lunatic. Kobe, you had no idea who I was, we met briefly when I was a kid. My dad took me out to Lower Merion (only about a 15 minute drive away from where I grew up) to watch your number get retired. I remember the smile you had on your face as you autographed that basketball, the infectious energy you gave off that I couldnt yet fathom at that age, but some how stuck with me even to this day. You had no idea who I was, but you meant so much to me. So much to so many kids growing up in Philly. You gave us the mentality to believe that we can be anything in this silly old city even when the situations around us taught us otherwise. "basketball is the best metaphore for life". You said that. That quote has been engraved in my brain since the day I heard it. You and your "next play" mentality, your competitiveness to always be great through every trial and tribulation, and to never let your past define you, always move on to the "next play". That is the metaphor you left for us and that is the metaphor I plan to carry through out the rest of my life. I was so excited to make it out to the basketball hall of fame this year and see you finally make it into the HOF. I had this crazy plan to seek you and tell you how much you helped me through out my life and that you truly were a huge role model in my life. I guess my crazy plan now is to go to honor the impact you've made in my life, although you had no idea who I was. R.I.P Kobe Bean Bryant.
The truth is, I kinda passionately hated Kobe for most of his career. I found him to be a cocky asshole during his time with Shaq, and then I felt he wrongly ran Shaq out of LA. I viewed him in a even more negative light after the Eagle Colorado incident. During his two finals appearances against the Celtics, I took great pleasure in straight up loathing his existence. And yet, I always had nothing but incredible admiration and respect for his game. It wasn't until his final NBA season where I started to soften my stance against the man. I felt sad he was leaving the NBA. I was happy when the Celtics fans chanted his name as he left his final game in Boston. And then, as I watched him bloom in retirement, I kinda started to love the man. I embraced his Italian upbringing (I'm Italian- American and have spent a lot of time in the country). The way he still spoke Italian so well. The fact that he named all his daughters Italian names. I was moved to tears when he spoke in Italian towards the end of his Oscar award acceptance speech. It wasn't until post-retirement that I saw what he really was. Cocky and brash? Sure. But also insanely intelligent, funny, a man with a huge heart, cool, and living a hugely purposeful life with his countless important endeavors. I straight up became a Kobe fan in recent years. I'd watch his talk show appearances with a smile. Man, I kinda love this dude now, I thought to myself. Even after rooting against him for so many years. I've been completely shaken since hearing the news of his death. It's the combination of the shock of it all, his age, the way he died, and how much he still had in front of him. He worked his ass off to crush it in the NBA for 20 years. Now was the time where he could enjoy himself. Pursue cool endeavors and raise 4 daughters with his wife. Give his HOF speech later this year. Watch his kids grow up, get married, have their own kids. Be a mentor to countless basketball players. Continue all the other cool shit he was doing. That's all gone in a blink of an eye. And it's unfair. Life is unfair. Countless people die young and leave us unexpectedly with so much more ahead of them. A lot of people will say that Kobe accomplished so much in 41 years. And while that is obviously true, it doesn't make it any easier to accept this tragedy. I guess the only thing I can take away from this is to pursue my own dreams. Something I'm guilty of not doing. Something Kobe always seemed to be doing. I don't think any of us will ever truly get over this. It's an enormous loss for the NBA and for the world. I bought a Mamba Academy T-Shirt an hour ago. I will wear that shirt to the gym and think about Kobe and his work ethic and use it as a tool to motivate me towards my dreams. My heart goes out to all the Laker/Kobe fans on this sub. My heart goes all out to his family and friends. Life is fragile and unpredictable and unfair. We gotta honestly try to live every day as best as we can and put the BS to the side for good whenever possible. Much love to you Kobe and Gigi. Godspeed and God bless. Edit - Thank you for the Gold and the kind replies.
Really did not even realize how much I love Kobe until today. It's like hearing your family died. RIP big guy
I'm 27 -- grew up watching and idolizing Kobe as did everybody in this community. Yesterday I sat and stared at the tv for longer than I should have, reeling from the news. Decided it was time to get up and work out to take my mind off it, so I went to the west side YMCA in manhattan. Between sets I walked into the court to checkout the pickup situation. Multiple younger kids wearing Kobe jerseys, and I saw more than one fadeaway accompanied with a "Kobe" callout. Almost made me cry, but amazing to see the impact this man had on kids too young to have seen him in his prime. That's how you know we lost an absolute legend yesterday.
Bryant leaves a wife and three daughters behind Altobelli leaves a daughter and son behind Mauser leaves a husband, a son & two daughters behind Chester leaves behind a husband and two sons Ugh ugh ugh
As a Kings fan, Kobe was our most hated rival. I remember my whole family thought he could never do right. He was always arrogant, cocky and selfish. Even my aunt who lived in la would talk shit to the only laker fan in our family. My best friend loved the mamba. We would hang out everyday over summer and we would play ball in the streets and everyday he would try to recreate a new signature mamba move or moment. We would play 2k and he would always use the lakers and shoot lights out with kobe, using that signature mid range turn around fader. As I became an adult i realized big of an influence he had on the game i loved. In my final years of high school i could only play in Kobes. He had the best signature shoe line and the 8s will always be my favorite model ever. I bought his asg 5s soon after and played in them till they fell apart. I remember his final game, where i was housesitting for my coach. I watched every single minute and in his final interview, i sobbed my eyes out. He felt like a rival that i had grew up with. I had not known the NBA without Kobe Bryant. I did not grow up with Magic, Bird and Jordan, so Kobe was the only GOAT I’ve seen play. He will be missed dearly by the world. Goodbye Mamba, may your legacy continue with these young stars that you have influenced so deeply.
When you said, "This was felt in every errant paper ball or contested mid range jumper at the local Y." I felt that. No really. I felt that. RIP Kobe. I still can't believe it.
For me, since I wasn't necessarily a Kobe fan, the impact has more to do with the NBA. I could see that he was a student of the game. He lived and breathed basketball. I was a fan of his Detail segments on ESPN. I could see that he wanted to enrich others who shared the same love as him, although I cannot see anyone reaching that same level of dedication and love for the game. When I heard that he handpicked NBA players to attend his camp before the NBA season, I knew that he wanted to better the NBA. He wanted to get the best out it's impact players. He wanted to build a pristine product, and gave back to the sport that provided so much for him. I was always a Kobe hater, but only because he was the brick wall that held back my Houston Rockets. After he retired, I became a Kobe admirer. After realizing what he was doing to better the sport, I became a Kobe lover. RIP Mamba. You deserve to be immortalized.
I never rooted for Kobe when I was younger. Being from the Bay Area and a Warriors fan, we rooted against him and hated his continuous domination of us and the rest of the league. I just turned 30 this past year and it was the first time in my life a death of someone I didn't know, made me cry. Kobe was more than a basketball player to me (and my generation of basketball fans). He was THE face of our generation. He was bigger than basketball and he was invincible. Now that I've gotten older, I've become a fan of who he became off the court and in his post-association life. He had so much more planned and it's unfair he won't get to see it through. Rest easy Kobe, Gigi, and all of the other victims of the crash. Gone, but won't be forgotten!
Dear Kobe, Thanks for showing everyone greatness, Running the hardwood with such finesse Your work ethic: impeccable, Translating to your game: uncheckable, I am just your average joe of a basketball fan, Guilty of yelling "KOBE!" while shooting into a trash can Even after all those times I rooted against you, You inspired me, showing what greatness can do, The Mamba Mentality you have with basketball, Is one of passion that can be applied to all From your days at Lower Merion, To the Laker's three-peat champion, Tack on two more ships to end the decade, 5 total rings, just the tip your accolades, Cementing you as a legend of your trade, One of the greatest to have ever played, "Played" - this word in the past tense, A reminder that none of this makes sense, If only you can see the the impact you left behind, Every athlete paying respect to your grind, Every human paying respect to your familial love, Please tell me you're watching from up above. After basketball, you strived for more, you never quit Turning basketball into film, even mastering it. Imparting your wisdom on players young and new, Tennis, soccer, all athletes trying to be just like you But your greatest accomplishment? Your family hands down. You were setting Gianna up to take the throne, the crown, Seeing your greatness turn to happiness with your family, Reminding all of us how human such greatness can be. Kobe, please know that you won more than ships, You won the hearts of a city, a country, a world; my own. In the city of angels, you have become their angel, Thank you, for being one of the greatest ever known. Sincerely, A Basketball Fan
I was never a Lakers fan but for me, living in the UK, I would wake up in the middle of the night to watch the finals, cheering the Lakers on, because I loved to watch Kobe play the game. I was and remain a Kobe fan. RIP Black Mamba. Thinking of the families affected by the awful tragedy at this time. I can't even begin to think of the devastation to lose children in this incident, alongside a great sporting icon. Terrible day.
I’m a teacher and I made each student take a “Kobe” shot at the beginning of class.
One of the few athletes who truly transcended basketball and became a people's icon. He was always this household name that instantly came to mind when you mentioned basketball. Even in Sweden, where basketball isn't that big, people knew his greatness. At least we can always keep his name alive when we toss something in the bin! Rest easy Mamba.
From now on, I am playing 24 in the driveway instead of 21. Go over 24? You're back down to 8.
Above all else I'm sad for his daughter and surviving family, and I'm sad for everyone who lost a child on that helicopter.
Kobe is going to go j to the Hall of Fame this year and we won't hear a single word from him. Out of all of the players in NBA history, he's the last one I would expect
Feels like Superman died.
It's so fucking surreal.. RIP Mamba
I've never been one to be too heavily impacted by a celebrity's death. Mainly because most I knew have just been musicians who I briefly listened to. But with Kobe it's something else man. It's so different with Kobe because I endlessly watched him. Like I knew him. Imitating his moves in the gym with my friends. He inspired me. All my life the only thing that I've invested my free time in was basketball. Whether I was watching it or playing it. I was never too dedicated to movies or shows, just basketball games. I never put my focus on any other hobbies. So this one hits differently.
When I started watching the league around 2006. I hated Kobe. I've never despised anyone like that in sports. I saw him as a selfish, stuck up villain. Then he dominated my Suns in the 2010 WCF, it broke my heart. I was even fed up with his farewell tour. And then, I saw Dear Basketball. I watched him sit down with Shaq. I watched him care for all the young guys. I watched his jersey retirement. I watched him talk spanish to people. I watched him work out, and sit courtside with Gigi, and be a proud dad. I listened to Jalen's stories about him. I watched him talk to Luka in his own language. And I grew to like him. Started watching more interviews, even going years back. I was proud, as a basketball lover, to see a family member win an Oscar. I was rooting for Mambacita, couldn't wait to watch her dominate, and see Kobe proud on the sidelines. We started to see the invincible, mysterious become a mortal, one of us, a simple dad - caring not just for her family, but all these kids who grew up idolizing him. He gave all he had, and went just as mysteriously, as his career. I'm heading out to hoop in around zero celsius now. Love the game, and love each other people. We're all family.
I just want to promote Vince Carter’s postgame presser for people that haven’t seen it. I was floored by it and everything he had to say was just tragically beautiful. He is gonna have a hell of a career in TV after he retires. Today has been a tough one. It’s like some immediate family has died. Every time I think about it I’m gut wrenched and Gigi is just making it a million times worse. I know Kobe would have given anything for her not to be involved. We just saw how they were chilling at all those NBA games weeks ago. And that another kid and her parents went too is just too much to handle. Something that really stood out to me, from one of The Athletic podcasts I heard earlier, was that Kobe wasn’t this old head talking about the old days and how weak the league had become. He truly respected, cherished and embraced the next generation of players and genuinely seemed to enjoy the game in its current state. That he will be inducted in the Hall of Fame posthumously seems bizarre. RIP to all 9 onboard. RIP to my hero - you will be missed. You was supposed to be court side at Staples for the next 40 years. Can’t believe it. Love. Edit: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UST_RSXcjBc
Kobe... ho sempre tratto ispirazione dal tuo modo di essere, la motivazione, la ferocia e anche la tua testardaggine.. Always keep pushing.. Never give up.. all that was important for me when i needed inspiration, motivation, someone to look up to in life.. Rest easy Black Mamba ??????????
Black mamba was NOT swimming with the mambas.
yeah, all of the people in this video would have been dead by then if they were actually mambas....
Black Mambas arnt even black lol
well they are more dark greyish brown if we are being honest, but it's cooler to call them black mambas than dark greyish brown mambas
They are named for the color of their mouths.
No, the black is in their mouths
Those poor snakes...having to swim with a bunch of jackasses. Edit: my first awards! Thank you!
Jackassessssssssssssssss -The snakes
Let's just be glad Bunny The Lifeguard was on duty that day for safety precautions!
Oh bunny you're so fine you blow my mind! Hey Bunny! Hey Bunny!
clap clap clap
I love how he picks up the little person.
That's Wee Man, tyvm.
He renamed himself because it's 2020 to Little person Man
thatsnothowthisworks.meme
THATSNOTHOWANYOFTHISWORKS.GIF
It’s polite to pick them up when you talk to them.
Seriously I felt for the snakes!
You act like you’ve never seen a man literally fly to avoid snakes and water before.
Happened to me last week when I had to check the mail at the cul de sac
Snakes, why did it have to be snakes
Holy cow. That doesn’t even look humanly possible. What a great video!!!
It’s not humanly possible lol he’s attached to a wire
That’s what I came here to ask.
Its inhumanly possible though
a bird could do it easy
r/birdsarentreal
Thank you for opening my eyes
Wait til you find out about giraffes
A five ounce bird could not carry a 200lb man.
Are you saying 200lb men migrate?
Two African swallows
I was happier not knowing this ?
That's no wire, it's an all-star ghost giving him a boost.
angels Mambas in the Outfield
Well done.
I was going to say that was some video game physics there. He just floats in the middle.
You can tell, he clearly looks like hes stepping on air after he jumps
Yeah, it's called a "double jump" and we learned how to do it in video game academy.
Video Game High School*
Sigh. RIP VGHS.
I mean, there must be some fakery going on of course, but do we know this for sure? Do you have a source that says how they did it? EDIT: Nope it appears the guy above was just talking out of his arse and has no source whatsoever. According to this wired article its real, or at least, there's no conclusive evidence of fakery.
Its totally is possible. According to this wired article its real. The pool isn't as big as it looks. People just think he jumps over a 20 feet pool that is 50 inches tall when in reality its 12 feet and probably 30 inches tall.
Maybe read the actual article you posted. It never says it real. It just said it can’t prove it’s fake. This article on the other hand has Kobe admitting it’s fake. https://www.cnbc.com/id/24841125
Go through the video frame by frame. It's clearly not real. He doesn't even jump on camera, it cuts and he just flies in from off screen.
I mean it's not, but who knows Kobe was a legend
Nah bro lol. Kobes vert isn't even 40 inches and where he jumped from is behind the foul line.
I was like wait, that's literally the greatest dunk I've ever seen. Couldn't be real.
I was like wait, that's literally the greatest dunk I've ever seen. Couldn't be real. On the other hand, not landing in a pool of snakes is great motivation for superhuman feats.
It’s fake lol
lol jesus, at first I was like wtf this man jumps better than Jordan when he played against the monsters in Space Jam.
Well hey at least we know Space Jam was real.
Monstars
yeah there is no Kobe is risking his health trying to jump 20 feet on wet asphalt haha. Im astounded that people even consider that this was real. The Aston Martin jump was at least plausible in terms of his ability to do it. But of course he would never actually attempt such a thing
In the second shot it almost seems something pulls him forward. Pretty nuts.
It’s almost like it’s completely fake or something
Idk, it looks a bit wired to me, but definitely not fake.
It does look a bit wired now that you mention it
He double jumped
Genji dashed
Yeah it's almost like he's on some kind of wire or something. Nature's really amazing.
guys really can’t tell he was attached to a wire on that jump ?? Not even humanly possible to make that jump and let alone dunk it. Still funny to watch though, RIP. All I heard whenever he hit that jump was *KOBEEE
The longest jump on record IIRC is 29.5 ft. I dont think that jump was that long. Not vouching for the credibility of this jump in particular though, I dont know anything further than this post about it.
Those jumps don’t end up that high by the end of them though. This can’t be real. He’s running through the air while accelerating upwards.
While this is obviously faked when dunking a lot of people take what looks like a step in the air, the hip thrust gives you momentum upwards.
[deleted]
I am no fan of snakes but I cannot imagine none were harmed in the making of this show?
I can’t imagine a snake owner would rent out his pets to be body slammed in a swimming pool. I think most of them are props with a few other lives ones for closeup shots. Gotta remember that if you schedule an animal for performance, that owner is usually really into taking care of it. Reptile people are weirdo obsessive about their pets. I don’t think any were in danger.
I’d imagine quite a few were rubber.
You're right actually, looking at when people actually dive in
Check this out, it's for one of the movies, so you could be right.
So that whole movie was pretty misleading then lol.
at the end of the day the Jackass series was just a stunt show with gross out gags and skits to fluff it up, in the early days it def was more raw, but by the time they were making the movies they had a decent budget for them.
Yeah I think there are some on the ground, I can't imagine people were careful not to land or step on them
Ngl seems like animal abuse. As long as the snakes were ok
They weren’t, they were all just posterized by a goat. That will damage their psyche for years
Unfortunately, I hate to confirm this. But it is, in fact, clear in the evidence.
It’s true, I was one of the snakes
You,my ex?
Mamba on Mamba crime
This in-depth analysis claims that the video is either real or a sophisticated fake (which to me seems unlikely given the time period and TV budget): https://www.wired.com/2008/11/kobe-bryant-jumping-over-a-pool-of-snakes/
I can't remember exactly when this was from, but it was definitely far enough into Jackass that budget was certainly not an issue
2008 Jackass was huge. They could afford a wire lol. He jumps like 20 feet and is still able to dunk on a 10 foot rim. It’s absolutely not real. Look at the replay, man. Come on.
seriously. You people have been on the internet too long.
Just watching the way he moves after jumping, it literally looks like how people do when they are on a wire. How is this even up for debate.
I personally think he had a wire. You have a player worth millions. You wouldnt wanna risk him getting hurt.
Insurance wouldn't let the Mythbusters do much tamer stuff. If Kobe was involved and anyone affiliated with the team or his insurance knew there's no way in hell he'd be allowed to do this without a wire. Can you imagine if he cut it a bit short, caught his leg on the edge of the pool, and face planted into the asphalt? Other than breaking his nose he'd be in danger of breaking his neck, arms, etc. People would be sued-so-sued and fired-so-fired.
You wouldn't wanna risk him getting hurt. Ironic cause that landing looked horrible on his back.
So the source that says he wasn’t actually wired was actually “Wired”?
They need new eyes and better analyzers. Also, what? Jackass was not hurting budget wise, nor were they anywhere close to a small budget, at all by this point lol.
its pretty damn obvious with just one take it's fake.. cmon
Poor snakes
So weird that Kobe is dead I'm not even a basketball fan but it just seems so odd
Something is off with that jump. At first I thought I'd just missed him pushing off the side of the pool...But it ain't right.
The cut is indicative of an attempt at a slick edit
Damn i remember watching this as a kid and thinking this was completely legit.
I feel so bad for those snakes. Some of them looked dead
I'm hoping they were just props to pad out the visual. =\
Those family shots at the end were too much man.
Seeing Gigi just go nuts at every Kobe shot... This sucks so much.
It was kind of cathartic watching this again but, yeah, seeing Vanessa and the girls...heartbreaking.
Kobes speech at the end too, and the way Gianna was looking at him...
Man, my eyes just stay wet.
It's so wrong, man. It's so wrong that she was taken from the world before we could see what she could achieve with her life.
She always had a huge smile on her face when courtside. Fuck, man.
"Vanessa, there's no way I can thank you enough..." His speech at the end was so fucking hard to watch
Kobe was supposed to be back at Staples Center in 2028, watching Gigi winning Olympic Gold just like her dad
Life's not fucking fair, man.
Goodbye mamba.
"Mamba Out" Legendfuckingdary
Friends come and go, but banners hang forever !
Forever a Legend
Thank you everyone especially fans of other teams who came and had a hella wholesome thread with us tonight. Means the world man
I hated Kobe growing up cause of the rivalry. Grew to respect him of course as all time great and rooted for him when his final game originally happened. Watching this game tonight I've cried several times and can't seem to completely stop. I'm glad we have all been able to come together through this tragedy.
Same here brother. My favorite player growing up was AI, so ever since 2001 I couldn’t stand him. He was just TOO good! Lol. Kobe was like the final boss for so many teams/fans, which is why people “hated” him. But underneath that “hate” was profound respect and admiration. I’m just glad, as I matured, I was able to appreciate his greatness.
By far the toughest part of watching that game is seeing the multiple times they cut to his family on the floor and seeing the joy in his family, specifically Gianna's face.
Seeing Kobe after the game win or lose being greeted with his wife and daughters was a ritual
2:34:50 Kobe celebrates with his family.
I've heard the phrase "my heart hurts" before and always thought it was just a saying that people said. After this, it's definitely not just a saying... It feels so awful to think what his family is going through man
60 points. The madlad actually scored 60 points, in his final game ever, with 13 of then coming in the final 2:16. HE MADE KANYE SMILE! I don't care what the Lakers record was at the time. That performance was legendary, period.
Kobe Bryant: 5x NBA Champion 1x MVP 15x All-NBA 18x All-Star 1x Made Kanye Smile
2x look at Ye's Twitter, so saddened https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/1221558611320528896?s=19 Edit: link
Still wild to me that Kobe only had 1 MVP. I don't think it should ever be used against a players legacy. Should just speak to how fucking insanely difficult it is to win an MVP.
Kobe's final game - full length
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y64OsZNYhp0 For the last 3 minutes. The call and crowd atmosphere sound is way better
It was the most points scored in a game that season.
If anyone could pull that off it’d be him. And of course...
Sat there looking like the terminator with ice pads strapped to every joint on his body, sweating like a motherfucker.. The true definition of ‘win at all costs’ I know it sounds stupid, but I just thought Kobe was too big and tall and smart to die.. absolute fucking tragedy.
Even re-watching the game seeing the Lakers down 86-96 with a little over 2 minutes left - it's absolutely insane how storybook that ending was. Saddest part of me was seeing Gigi go nuts after Kobe pulled up from 3 to make it a 95-96 ballgame. Goddamn.
Kobes little wink to his family at the end...
That’s the one that got me. Fuck it’s still so surreal.
https://gfycat.com/pettyshockedgallinule R.I.P
Rest easy Kobe and Gigi ??
Damn dude, this hits in the feels
“Mamba out” I started balling
balling It’s what Kobe would’ve wanted
[deleted]
https://i.imgur.com/CWWw0D7.mp4
Gianna looking on with a smile ear to ear while he was speaking to the city. that’s a superhero to everyone in the crowd, but she only ever knew of that superhero as “dad”. god bless the both of em.
the constant family shots had me breaking
Hurt me more than anything else watching this
He was such a dad. His poor family.
The smile on her face during that timeout while the crowd was erupting got me.
I was legitimately rooting him on as if I’d never watched this game before, haha. It was fun being able to watch that again with fans who truly love the game and loved Kobe.
Probably my fav game ever, especially now. That was surprisingly comforting.
Seriously. I was smile crying the whole time. Good move by ESPN, I feel like we collectively needed this
Gianna hopping up and down mouthing "I love you" during Kobe's speech...
That 3 to bring them to 1. That shot to take the lead. Goosebumps then. Goosebumps now.
I just remember this was the same night GSW beat the record and this completely overshadowed it. What a legend
That 3 was some GOAT shit
“To an Athlete Dying Young,” – A.E. Housman The time you won your town the race We chaired you through the market-place; Man and boy stood cheering by, And home we brought you shoulder-high. Today, the road all runners come, Shoulder-high we bring you home, And set you at your threshold down, Townsman of a stiller town. Smart lad, to slip betimes away From fields where glory does not stay, And early though the laurel grows It withers quicker than the rose. Eyes the shady night has shut Cannot see the record cut, And silence sounds no worse than cheers After earth has stopped the ears. Now you will not swell the rout Of lads that wore their honours out, Runners whom renown outran And the name died before the man. So set, before its echoes fade, The fleet foot on the sill of shade, And hold to the low lintel up The still-defended challenge-cup. And round that early-laurelled head Will flock to gaze the strengthless dead, And find unwithered on its curls The garland briefer than a girl’s.
God we need Tirico calling NBA games again. Supreme poise and awareness of when he can elevate a moment and when he needs to just let what’s unfolding speak for itself
He was a huge loss for ESPN
This shit fucked me up all over again, bawling my eyes out every point he scored at the end. Especially every cut to Gianna on the sideline. Shit aint fucking fair
My favorite moment from that game is after he hits the shot to put them up 1 they cut to Shaq and he’s got the biggest fuckin’ grin on his face.
Man, you know, I think a lot of people would take Kobe’s life if they could, even going out at 41 the dude lived a hell of a lot and his name is etched in the annals of NBA history, but losing his daughter at the same time he goes down is the part that really, really sucks.
He killed it in the last few minutes. Could have easily bricked all those shots.
That last jumpshot to put them up is just as raw as the day it happened live So is this speech man fuck
Four years removed and not even a Lakers fan, and I still fist-pumped.
Had to turn it on for his last game. He’s Kobe fuckin’ Bryant!
[deleted]
I remember that game like it was yesterday even though it's been almost 4 years. Here's a thread where people were discussing his 60 points. https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4epnyy/kobe_gets_60_points/d2285b6/
Bawling when Kobe winked at Vanessa
It’s crazy how small gestures like that mean so much more after something tragic occurs
Even at the moment, Kobe was just so suave
It was like a “thanks for everything, I’ll be there with you forever starting tomorrow”. ...
That was oddly therapeutic.
It really was. Glad ESPN ran it and glad Reddit made a game thread. Needed this.
Man it really was. I was getting nervous and shit with like 2 minutes to go, I was no fuckin way he does it!
That go ahead deep 2 was classic. I’m sad.
What better shot to be Kobe's final field goal ever than a deep, well-defended, falling-sideways-yet-has-perfect-form 2-pointer to take the lead in the last minute of a huge comeback win? TRICK QUESTION, THERE COULDN'T POSSIBLY HAVE BEEN ANYTHING BETTER.
As a Laker fan, it’s so heartwarming to see everyone from different fanbases rooting for my favorite player ever like he’s one of your own. We’re all one fam tonight ??
I love sports man. It feels like the NBA will never be the same and I honestly believe it.
I DEMAND ESPN PLAY KOBES 81 PT GAME.
we need a 24 hour marathon of all the iconic kobe games
How could you fit that into 24 hours?
8 days of games running constantly. 24/8.
Petition to add another day to the week called Mambday
No commercials, cut timeouts and halftime. I'm sure it could work if there were 240 hours in a day
I DEMAND ESPN PLAY KOBES 81 PT GAME.
I DEMAND ESPN PLAY KOBES 81 PT GAME
I DEMAND ESPN PLAY KOBE’S 81 PT GAME
Here’s the original post game thread. https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4epobr/post_game_thread_the_los_angeles_lakers_1765_beat/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
http://i.imgur.com/lNpdJ3I.png /u/pixel_me_that , found this in that thread. Just thought i'd share, really enjoyed seeing it.
was watching the 33-48 Nuggets vs the 43-38 Trail-Blazers instead....what’d I miss?
some old guy scored 60
Old man yells at crowd
The only thing that could cheer me up was an out of context simpsons reference. Thanks bro
Warriors got 73 wins
I held it together all the way until the end when the cut to him winking at Vanessa and his kids. That truly broke me.
Thanks Kobe
ty mods you did a great job with these to threads.
so glad i watched this instead of the warriors winning 73. i can't imagine them losing in the finals.
i can’t believe less than 4 years later, we’re all watching this again because he’s gone. never in a million years did i think this would be an option.
22-50 is the ultimate Kobe slash. A fitting end
Thanks for the game thread and postgame thread. It was helpful for closure.
I couldn't have said it better myself. He wasn't just my hero but so many people's hero. RIP Black Mamba
Loved how supportive Kobe was of players who came after him. A lot of former players whine about missing the old days, but Kobe always wanted the game to thrive.
So passionate about the game. All he wanted to do was share his knowledge with everyone. He was like the father of the NBA.
And I'm not even talking about as a teacher or mentor. Kobe wanted the game of basketball itself to succeed and inspire others. He pushed himself into the role of an active ambassador of the sport and a passive symbol for what can be achieved.
How much his death affected fans globally really shows how much of an ambassador to the game of basketball he was.
And not just basketball. You saw how much of an impact he had on a lot of famous athletes and other celebrities. Look at Neymar and Djokovic’s tributes for example.
I have a friend who is currently working as a teacher in a fairly small city in western China. He said when Kobe passed it was like a day of national mourning. The school he taught at held a special prayer at their assembly, and had a vigil for him in their gym. He said that the entire school attended, many people were in tears. I don’t think I know of any other American, much less American athlete, to garner that type of reaction from people in such a seemingly remote part of the world. Long Live Mamba.
Kobe is like Hercules. A figure that will turn into myth and whose name will live forever. He's honestly at that level. People will love him forever.
The All Might of Basketball
plus ultra :(
It's the Achilles parallel he seemed to be so drawn to: a glorious young figure who made such an impact in such a short period, that long after he's gone his abilities will remain remembered. And that's how Achilles wanted it. Whether Kobe truly felt that way we'll never know.
Yeah Achilles seems the better comparison, unfortunately....
It’s so crazy to think about the transformation of Kobe over the years. He went from the villain to the hero, from disliking players to being a heavy proponent of the growth in the WNBA and training players. It goes to show you how age and maturity can give you humility
I talked about it once, and that's part of the reason I love Kobe so much. He improved himself as his career passed, as you said. I hate how people like to bring up his 2003 scandal, yet people forget he was vilified by the media and lost a bunch of endorsement deals (part of the reason he is with Nike now). Most people who do bad stuff, they usually do it again in the dark. But Kobe learned from his mistakes and his experience, and I believe he really redeemed himself because he really loved his family after. Especially when he retired, he focused a lot on them willingly. Truly an amazing human being. Thank you, Kobe.
Whenever I saw him helping Celtics players, I hated it because it felt like he was helping the enemy when the Lakers were in such a sad state, but now I appreciate what he was doing. Passing down his knowledge so basketball could always move forward and evolve was a noble goal.
He loved the game too much. He always wanted the next generation to have the same mindset as him and even learn some of his techniques, like he did from jordan. After he retired he reached out to so many people ( young or not ) to just talk about the game , about the mentality. That's insane man, he may be gone but his impact on the game is everlasting.
I like sports history, so I won’t doubt that part of the game has become soft, but on the flipside, part of it has become more complicated and shifting towards more positionless players. Kobe was wonderful in the fact that he wanted the sport of basketball to succeed no matter how it changes. He was willing to share his knowledge so that basketball could be taken to an even higher level. He showed appreciation for the guys that came before, and the guys that came after and that looked up to him. Basketball lost such a great ambassador. :(
I've broken into tears multiple times for the past few weeks trying to put into perspective of why its effecting me like this and this is kinda how I see it. I honestly didn't think it would hit me this hard. I had his jerseys up on my wall in my room at my parents place since high school (33yrs old now). It was like a freakin shrine of the dude. My wife used to make fun of me for being such a fan boy especially since I never hero worship celebrities.. but this guy wasn't just a celebrity. He was the reason I fell in love with this game. He was my connection to this game. If you've been a fan of the NBA during the 2000s, chances are that you saw Kobe's face almost on a weekly basis for 20 years (even if you're not a Lakers fan); He was always on sportscenter or some other highlight package. He was always there. He was the embodiment of reliability. Not many things are reliable in life, but he said "fuck that" and showed up every night. He was the guy you could count on to put on a Hurculean effort when needed, and even sometimes when it wasn't needed. He wasn't just a connection to the game for a lot of people, he was the game. I am holding onto LeBron now to carry on that larger than life embodiment of the game.
Pretty much how I looked at it. Think about it. He came in the league at 17 and retired at what 37? We not only grew up with him but we watched him grow too. For 20 plus years he’s been all in our homes whether it’s on TV, video games, posters, phones. And it’s been great to see him grow Not just as a player but as a man. For the final few years of his career it was surreal to watch him change from this killer, to an ambassador of the game, giving back, providing us documentaries not only on his psyche basketball wise but as a man. We started seeing Kobe transition into the family man ready for his next chapter with his family where you can just tell how happy he was. And his daughter was in love with the game too and we were all gonna watch her grow and him teach her the game as well. This wasn’t just an athlete. This was an icon. On and off the court. I remember my heart dropping when I read the headline the first time. This empty feeling. I’ll never forget it. People have been saying it’ll go away over time like every celebrity but i really don’t think I’ll ever get over it. I think I’ll always just have a moment where it hits me that “man, Kobe Bryant is dead”. This is gonna hurt forever. Rest easy Bean ?
You put that so much more eloquently than I could. It’s the fact that we saw a 17 yr old cocky kid grow up into a man and a father. A guy who went from having a perpetually angry scowl on his face to the warmest smile when he talks about the game and his daughters. He was in this zone that he created for himself and played in that mindset for 2 decades and he finally stepped out and opened up so much for everyone. So damn heart breaking.
Growing up in LA without a father in mid 90's and being a big fan of basketball, I would be heavily remiss to say he wasn't an idol, a role model, and a hero all in one. The impact he had on so many people from all over the world is incredible. And that he managed to do so primarily through his love of the game of basketball makes it more inspiring. Even without ever meeting face to face, or ever talking, he taught me a lot about what it means to be a man, what it means to work hard, how you turn a dream into reality, and how you can always will a bad situation into a good one. Importnatly, he showed me what it means to grow up. We watched him go from the plucky 17 year old we saw taking brandy to prom and airballing late game shots to a guy who was reknowned as a basketball assassin, the most skilled player of his generation, a man with a will of pure steel. We watched him grow from a kid who eats McDonalds too much, to meticulously caring for his body to maximize his career length. He was a real one for sure, not many people are able to be so purely themselves and be able and ready to share that with everyone else to the extent he did. Not only that, but the pureness of his dream, despite his massive success, was also consummately special. So much so, when he described this love in the form of an animated short, it received the highest awards honors possible, an academy award. Rest in Peace Bean, you'll be missed forever.
Oof, right in the feels man. I grew up in LA without a father either and this man was the role model I looked up most to. I had other role models but Kobe was always the personification of that killer and baller. I thought I was done weeping but Jesus. Rest in peace KB8/24.
I know bro. It's like a bad dream you can't wake up from.
One of my gripes about MJ is that he never really gave anything to the next generation. He seemed to only embrace certain players while shunning everyone else. Don’t get me wrong, I still appreciate his greatness.
I mean MJ mentored kobe. To the point he was giving him tips in game.. Plus he had his basketball camps , I guess
Hes an owner. He cant do what kobe was doing without looking like hes trying to recruit players.
He had been retired for 7+ years before he even went into ownership.
Sure but MJ also didn't have a daughter to drag him back in like gianna did. Kobe was dead set on ignoring the NBA for his family. He and his family earned to have him back at home
that’s the problem, he’s not even a good owner.
You wish he would share some of that knowledge with the guys under contract with him
Is no one going to point out that OP paraphrased him using quotes?
I never missed a Laker game growing up because of Kobe. I was in middle school and seen how he worked his fade away, fuck, I used to practice it for hours after school. Watching Kobe play, even on his bad games, I felt my blood rushing and anticipating what fucking genius play he was about to do. I fucking cried bad when I found out. He was like a friend I never got to meet in person, but I had a connection with. This life can be fucking bull shit, and this is one of those times.
this is my main counter-point to everyone who says 'naming an award after kobe would be reacitonary and stupid'...he literally inspired a whole generation of players, and his story is amazing enough to inspire future generations as well. there might have been better players overall (maybe a small handful), but kobe has to be top 2 or 3 in terms of how many people he's impacted. and if you think the league is better off naming awards after former league administrators / accountants / lawyers then i dont know what to say...
in recovery they say “we can only keep what we have by giving it away”
Damn thata great advice. Giannis bout to make me cry
Giannis is already saying the right things that Kobe and Wade would say to the media. Greatness in the making imo
He’s been one of the most humble guys in the league since day one and I could never see that changing tbh
He's humble and insanely competitive on the court too. That's good shit
He just loves to play and is happy that the gets to. He's not in it for fame or Instagram hoes
Pretty sure his mom and little brother still live with him. How many players in the league do that? Family and basketball is all he needs.
Both Dame and CJ still live with their moms!
Now I'm picturing Dame sitting on the couch screaming MA WHERES THE MEATLOAF?
Mom knocking on his door and he's just chilling in his studio/closet like "C'mon, ma. I'm trying to record!"
God your team is so fucking wholesome honestly. Even Hassan Whiteside truly loves his fish.
And his ak47s
Delonte West leaves chat
on a motorcycle with a shotgun
JustAKidFromAthens #WashedFreak
He also has a good sense of humor and is willing to get extremely competitive and talk some shit. 99% of humble superstars act like they’re a priest.
Humble superstars are RARELY found. Europeans have done a historically good job though. Dirk, Tony, Drazen, Pau - even Luka. The type of dudes that walked the walk, before even attempting(if ever) talking the talk.
He’s one of my favorite players because he’s so humble. Oh, and he’s a fucking monster.
[deleted]
Immigrant mentality
Every first generation immigrant basketball fan I know sees this in him.
Well said. Giannis is one of the guys who fully took in kobes teachings amd embodied them today. Kobe would def be proud of him snd I'm sure giannis will continue on that type of path. RIP mamba
I don’t think it’s ever going to feel real that Kobe’s gone.
I read a comment the other day that said it feels like a glitch in the matrix. That's the best way to describe it. It's been a few weeks but it still doesn't feel real, like this shouldn't have happened. It sucks man
As cliche as it sounds, it’s because he’s not gone. He will be a part of the world for as long as we remember him and what he was all about. “There is no ‘without.’ I am not gone. I am scattered into a million pieces and sprinkled over your lives like new snow.”
Anddd I’m crying again
Beautifully said.
For me that feeling was stronger than the sadness or sense of loss. Just doesn't make sense. Like if it turns out he's living on the moon that would make more sense to me.
His English has improved dramatically over the years.
Dominate languages.
Fuck. It's been many days, and I'm still grieving. The things he embodied, are not just basketball things, his life was a fucking philosophy.
I feel the same. Kobe was one of the few to open up and share his life philosophy with the public. He literally made you feel that you too can accomplish what you want even if the odds are stack against you. He was/is still a great role model. It is still tough even though it's been sometime.
I bought his book (The Mamba Mentality) over a year ago, but I've read it more times in the last 20 days than I have the whole year. Highly recommend anyone to get it if you like his artistic style and wanna be inspired.
Bought it when it came out! Definitely a great read.
The part about the referees handbook was an especially amazing insight into the legend.
That was an amazing part for sure. My favourite bit is when he's talking about how he's defending AI in the Finals - counting out the seconds for how long it takes him to make his move and using that information to disrupt him as the series wears on.. Some things you just don't think about when playing until Kobe expresses it, just incredible.
One thing I love about his philosophy is that it can be applied to any goal. The Mamba Mentality can be used trying to kick ass in college, at work, side projects, training, and even your personal life. It’s even the small things like sleeping and meditating that he always talked about that can make a big impact in one’s life. He’ll never be considered just a ball player. He was a visionary.
I attribute many of my successes in life to the mamba mentality. Growing up in LA and watching every game, listening to Stu Lantz, and watching all pre&post games just made me idolize Kobe. I literally felt that anything was possible. I was homeless for a while, dropped out of high school to work full-time at 15 and support my family, but I wanted to graduate college still one day. I forced myself to get a GED, then community college, followed by uni, and I have my dream job working fully remote. I did the work, but I was so inspired by Kobe. We weren’t ready to lose him. He had so much more to teach. “The good die young” rest in piece, mamba.
I feel that bro. Think the best thing many of us can do to honor him is to apply his mentality to our own lives. That why his philosophy lives in many. Congrats on your success!
To be clear: he wasn't just a hero. He was not somebody you just admired. To me, at least, he was that person who you thought about when I was pulling overtimes, he was me working hard for my company that I barely know, he was me giving it my all when I thought I had nothing left to give, he was that, not a hero, but somebody I could be more of in my life.
I’ve saved a few of his quotes bc I feel like I can use them in my life and sure enough I can. It still doesn’t feel real man
Literally used to say "Kobe" anytime I threw anything and I wasn't the only one. Thats how impactful he was on culture.
Any time you take a tough shot its always Kobe. Theres a reason for that. Just a legend and words can't really describe how great he was and everything he did for the game and culture in general. My username is based off of me throwing grenades in freaking Call of Duty when I was 13, thats his impact
Feel the same about when Roberto Clemente died. Two amazing athletes, but more importantly, amazing Human Beings, who selflessly did what they could to help others. I’m also glad Shaq’s doing better since the tragedy. Seeing how it impacted him really hit me hard.
Giannis is a poet.
Still absolutely mental Kobe is gone
Rip goat
And..... I’m crying again.
He was so competitive he helped his foes become better at the game so he would have to overcome them
I remember when he dropped 81 points. It was crazy, everyone in my Calculus class, even my teacher was talking about it. It still blows my mind that he went out there and put up that many points. That year he was on another level. He was the only real scorer in the team and he put his team on his shoulders. He had that crazy 40 pt streak with some 50 and 60 pt games thrown in. IDK if we’ll ever see such a stretch of scoring dominance from one player like Kobe did again.
How do you know you're getting old? People saying that Kobe Bryant is their Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan is my Michael Jordan.
Steph curry is my Kobe Bryant
“Talent is worthless if you don’t share it an he shared.” Damn
Well said. Thank you Giannis
When I read headlines like this it still doesn't seem real that Kobe isn't here anymore. It's still not sunk in for me. Giannis summed it up well, though. I never saw Jordan play. To me it was never any doubt that Kobe was the greatest. Balling up paper and shooting it in the basket at school when the teacher not looking and saying "kobe" while your friend tries to block it and saying "shaq". Have all of his shoes, most recently the Lakers colourway React AD NXT's. Just unreal
I'll never forget when the Nets played the Lakers and Kobe managed to put a few minutes aside to talk with Rondae Hollis-Jefferson, who grew up in PA and idolized Kobe as a kid. It was his rookie year. Rondae said Kobe told him to "fall in love with the mid range game". A season or so later Rondae, in what was his best season of his career, came out knocking down mid range jumpers left and right. Prior to that he was scared to even touch the ball on offense. I think he averaged like 14/7/3 that year. When guys say that the man shared what he had to offer it's the truth https://www.nba.com/nets/sites/nets/files/rhj_kobe_760x480-05.jpg
These past 2 weeks I’ve been watching his interviews all the time. They always pop up on my YouTube recommended. Just surreal that he’s gone man.
Rip Kobe
Man I can’t help but love this guy. Seems so down-to-earth. Hard not to cheer for him
I got a zero on a test the Monday after Kobe died. My dads best friend died in a similar crash. So this is still hard
Still processing it all
I’ll never get over this. Never.
He started hooping in 2007.
Mamba is literally the hero of my current heroes. And also my hero of course. Fucking legend. Fucking all time. RIP kobe still can't believe you're gone.
It’s still weird as fuck. Everything will just be sort of normal (whatever that happens to be for a given day) and then just like a punk bully who runs by people, slaps them in the back of the head and runs off laughing like they’re tougher than everybody. You’re doing whatever, and then...fuck, man...Kobe and his kid and their friends and that pilot all died in a fucking helicopter crash. Like, no. This is some “alternate” reality casually mentioned via news broadcast in a bad Sci-Fi movie or TV show. That’s how you know the main character is in the alternate dimension. On Earth Prime, we’re watching Kobe cheer on his daughter, shooting a game-winner for UCONN in the Finals. Or the Sparks in the NBA. But the hero just walked into a diner they vaguely remember, orders a beer and while making small talk, “Today, a tragedy in the sports world...” And the hero is, “WHAT THE FUCK?!” And everyone is all normal about it. Like it’s just something that happens. “Yep,Kobe died in a crash.” “Nah, fuck that...I gotta find a magic stone, or young Bruce Willis, or Jerry O’Connell, or somebody from FRINGE. This shit has to get fixed ASAP.” 9/11 made more sense than this. I don’t know why. They’re just people. People die in all sorts of crashes all the time. But this...I wasn’t even a huge fan. But...it just feels...wrong. In a way I can’t shake.
The score will be 24-8 he means.
the play clock will be 24 seconds all game
Chip Kelly salivating
Kelly gonna honor Bryant by having his team pull 24 seconds 3 and outs over and over
Damn it was 5 years ago and it still hurts to think about
Three years ago for us bub
I think you’re feeling alright now
I think we all realize there’s a new formula for getting the number 1 seed and going to the super bowl: hire chip Kelly and then fire him
This is the only reason I don’t totally hate the fact he was here. Team building is a delicate process and everything from the last few years led to our Super Bowl run. I use that to cope with the fact Chip traded one of my all time favorite Eagles LeSean McCoy.
As a UCLA fan, it still hurts
XFL has entered the chat
And instead of 4 downs there will be 8.
But every play has to be a 50 yard bomb.
Jameis has entered the chat
QB has to shout "Kobe!" every time he throws a pass
There will be no passing
That score has only happened one time in history: https://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/197510260oti.htm
Interesting. You’d think there would be a few instances of a team down 24-0 that would shoot for a 2pt conversion to make it a 2 score game.
2 pt conversion has only been around for ~25 years.
And only a few years since coaches stopped being cowards on an almost universal scale.
That's still 25 years for it to happen?
Absolutely. But there's 75 years without it...
Interestingly when we were down 24-0 to the Texans, we scored a TD and chose to not go for 2. I don't think going for 2 when down by that much is accepted by a lot of conservative NFL coaches yet. Similar to how there are still coaches that go for 1 when up by 19.
Yeah, I don't think it makes much sense to chase the 24 points in the second quarter. Maybe as soon as late in the third quarter you would want to start collecting "8's" instead of "7's".
It's kinda odd to have your logo be a person wearing your helmet rather than the helmet itself.
Yeah, that's a terrible logo. Though it was the first year the Oilers switched to the baby blue uniforms with white helmets. One of the best uniform schemes ever, in my opinion. The Raiders also use a logo of a guy wearing their helmet. And of course the Dolphins used to have a logo of a dolphin wearing some other team's helmet.
That Dolphin is a huge Miami (OH) Redhawks fan
Yeah this Dolphins one was much better Edit: seizure alert!
Four safeties by the 49ers
Twelve safeties by the Chiefs
[deleted]
Don't let Bears kickers do this.
Bears kickers say "Shaq".
Shatters the uprights
they can make the "kobe" sound with the doinks.
I thought those doinks were the sound of the ball bouncing off the rim.
Bears kickers: CURRY!
All pass attempts must be fadeaway jumpers
Mahomes going to throw for 824 yards in 33 completions that way
49ers will honor him by passing the ball as little as possible.
Jimmy's passing will be 2 completions out of 4 attempts.
For 81 yards
And 5 rings
GOAT
Big Ben is giving a tribute at halftime
Holy shit this was a gamble
Would’ve been downvoted to hell in r/NBA
Has anyone making comments about this actually read the details of the case? That shit was the sketchiest pile of facts ever, on both sides.
https://reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/evtov3/because_of_the_recent_flooding_of_kobes_rape/
Live from the bathroom
Whether we want it or not
We’ve stepped into war with the cabal on Mars
It’s not often that I see a Destiny reference so when it happens, I naturally upvote it.
Wait, we're allowed to do this now?
It's a dice roll.
Hell yeah, Ben Wallace!
Cheers from Detroit
At half time I want Shakira to come out on a stage like a giant basketball hoop. Everyone in the crowd gets soft squishy nerf basketballs and when she says her hips don't lie, everyone chucks their foam basketballs at the stage shouting "KOBEEEEEE". Anyone who gets it inside the stage basket gets free tickets to a game next year of their choosing.
I dont think Shakira can take that many balls to the face
That what we have Madonna for.
She don’t need to, she’s got Pique for that
Her husband can tho
A man can dream
You’re right. She isn’t your mom.
Remember in the Simpsons when they threw pretzels at the minor league player? The whitey wackers? Edit: https://youtu.be/PwO26G_ktrk
How is Kyrie Irving supposed to watch the Super Bowl now?
Like he’d watch it anyways lol. A bowl implies roundness and he’s into flat things
Super Bowl is actually a Super Plate, wake up sheeple
Like they did with Stephen Hillenburg? I won't hold my breath.
They’ll pretend to show Kobe highlights then show Lance Stephenson videos
As long as they don't mistaken the Lakers with the Knicks only to end up saying a controversial word in between
Oh don't get your nickers in a bunch!
Ok, but what about people who annoy you?
N_ggers
That will be on the BBC broadcast.
Lance Reddick actually.
I loved him in Fringe and The Wire but this is definitely worthy of a highlight.
WHERE IS MY SWEET VICTORY
Never forget this travesty.
Seriously, either you do it or don't. That half ass spongebob teaser at the beginning was the worst choice of both.
It's like they sat down and thought "what's the worst possible way for us to do this."
They even cut off part of the trumpet intro for some reason, as if they really needed that extra half second.
I've completely forgotten about that.
[deleted]
But in a way it DID happen. They made enough noise to where the NFL did in fact acknowledge it.
Deepfake Kobe to sing Old Town Road and then end the show with fireworks that spell "LeBron James was better tbh"
who will be sponsoring the honoring of kobe? gotta utilize this cashcow /s
The Bud Light Kobe Bryant Halftime Memorial.
Dilly .·´¯(>?<)´¯·. Dilly
The charmin Kobe Bryant memorial
That's a good question. Verizon or Pepsi have to be favorites I bet.
I don't mean to be insensitive, but this kinda just seems like they're cashing in on the good publicity.
Of course they are. He wasn't an NFL player. More people will watch the game if they didn't care about the NFL now.
Still doesn't feel real man Every morning I wake up and read it like it's the first time
So, 8 downs to get 24 yards?
They should honor him by replacing the 49ers with his favorite NFL team, The Eagles. It would be the best way.......
I'm going to post the link of kobe watching the eagles win the superbowl in case anyone hasn't seen it yet
This is one of the most wholesome things I have ever seen.
The Man was literally congratulating LeBron less then 24 hours ago on his milestone, now this. Kobe was supposed to be untouchable...
That's exactly how I thought of it. Like someone that successful, rich, and cool just couldn't be affected by a freak accident
[deleted]
There was a post in r/soccer after the Leicester FC owner died in his helicopter about how per hour or mile traveled, major commercial aviation is considerably safer than car travel. However, per hour traveled, private helicopter travel results in 85 times more fatalities than car travel. Per mile traveled, private helicopter travel results in 27 times more fatalities than car travel.
I'm not even a basketball fan, but I remember hearing about him just the other day. It's insane how fast life can change like that.
Doin the “Kobe” shots ain’t never gonna feel the same. Heart goes out to his family and everyone affected.
now we do it out of respect
s/o Dave Chappelle for helping immortalize da God
I don't even know how to respond this shit so outta left field R.I.P to one of the G.O.A.T's Edit: Also one of his daughters was on the helicopter apparently according to TMZ
She was 13... God, that's so young.
Can't get over that. Kobe seemed like such a great dad, you imagine concern for her was front an center in his mind in his last moments. So so tragic
What's the s
Imma need God to reload the save. 2020 is on some other shit
It just got so much worse. They're now reporting his 13 year old daughter was on board. They were on their way to Kobe's basketball academy in Thousand Oaks for a practice. edit: even worse, there was also a kid from the team on board with their parent. so 2 children died in the crash. edit: now 9 people were on board. edit: it gets worse. Three of the passengers were a mom, dad and their 13 year old daughter. Their other daughter was not on board, but that means she lost her whole family today.
That GIf of him and his daughter gonna hit different 13 years old ,too young .. Edit: gif in question .. https://media.giphy.com/media/JQvUME2YOpTgqCKhDb/giphy.gif
I can't even imagine the hell his wife and other daughters are going through right now.
One of his daughters is 7months old ?????
Honestly that daughter is both then luckiest and simultaneously the unluckiest (outside of Gigi). Won’t know the pain of losing him, but never will have gotten to know him either...
Exactly, it's so sad , all if it, I can't even imagine the pain his wife vanessa is feeling right now ???
It's shitty but at the very least she has a wealth of recorded moments.
And his actual wealth. Dudes left a good life and legacy behind for his family, which is more than can be said for many others.
Well, yeah. That goes without saying. They're still people, though.
...which also goes without saying.
Exactly. At least the family doesn't have to move and further disrupt things for the kids just because they can't afford the lifestyle without Kobe.
They have a 7 month old newborn. She will never know her dad.
She will. Everyone will tell her how he was a hero to many and she will grow up seeing videos of him and hear from all of the lives he touched. Obviously not the same, but she'll at least know and see that her dad was a beloved man and role model.
He was only 41, it's an all round tragedy. Life sucks
which gif?
https://media.giphy.com/media/JQvUME2YOpTgqCKhDb/giphy.gif
Imma be over here crying...
Ah fuck man, just, hell... :'(
It might get much worse. They just announced there were actually 9 on board. 8 plus the pilot.
Oh hell... that’s another gut punch.
the first thing I said when it was reported was "thank god his wife wasn't on board so his kids still have a parent." I didn't think of this shitty possibility.
Take out the whole cartridge, we need God to breathe on this before the reset. Damn, Mamba...
Co signed Fuck this whole year already Let's save scum
Just throw the whole year away
Real shit! I’m done with this year for real.
[removed]
Ever since Nipsey it feels like whoever had the script of life handed to a child who’s just messing everything up
It’s been fucked since Harambe
Reload back to 2016, if you’re already going there.
Reload the past ten years and be done with it.
I'm still convinced the world really ended in 2012.
I feel like I just heard Superman died. Fuck dude this man was a hero to so many people, myself included growing up. Damn dude. Damn. 2020 starting to be such a bullshit year.
I remember when Superman died. This feels a lot worse.
Yeah at least Superman came back...
Great comparison. The dude was indestructible for so long. Played on his left hand when his right got injured, put off surgery for months, made free throws after tearing an Achilles. Kobe was fucking superman and did amazing shit on the regular.
JFC I don't even like basketball and I'm shook
Theres those celebrity deaths that just hit different than the other ones. This is definitely one of them
Who hasn't shouted "Kobe" before? This is definitely different.
kobe was an absolute legend. hes even got a type of beef named after him bruh
an entire state named after him!
Like getting caught off guard by a grizzly
I'm not usually one to get all bummed out about celebrity deaths but this one fucking sucks.
It's just so fucking sudden too.
This wack as hell man . Dug my Jersey out a box now I'm just sitting here like a sad nigga . The weed shops happy hour isnt for 4 hours .rip
Decided to randomly drop into a shop while I was out running errands and they had some Black Mamba oil I decided I needed to get. The guy at the counter didn't even know :(
Out with the fam for my cousin’s bday lunch. We all lost our appetites. As filipinos, yall know we bandwagoned the Lakers so hard here and back home. My uncles were teary eyed ffs. RIP KOBE and GIGI and the others involved Edit: typo
Enjoy that weed and grieve, but consider donating some of your time to volunteering at after school sports programs in memory of Kobe and the work he was doing with some of his charities. Maybe go to your local park/YMCA see if anyone is playing basketball and just want to grieve as a community.
That’s really a sweet idea.
Y’all I don’t even watch basketball but this shit shook me. It’s so surreal
I grew up on him. Even if I didn't watch NBA too much he was our generations Jordan. And barely retired too.
This is as shocking as finding out Steve Irwin was killed by a sting-ray. Can’t believe it.
You're exactly right. I think it's the shock factor of the youth of a person on top of how beloved they are.
Even more shocking with the kid involved
F that 2020 needs a rewind button.
His 13 year old daughter GiGi, also died in the helicopter.
I can’t imagine what her mom is going through.
She and Kobe just had a baby last summer. I feel so bad for her.
I feel like January 2020 has lasted for 45 years
I started the year 24 years old. I am now genetically 50.
Bruh I just had to google this shit. Apparently there was a helicopter crash in Calabasas and 5 people died... holy shit bruh...
Idk if this had anything to do with it, but I live in LA and it was foggy as shit last night & this morning. Couldn't see more than a block down the road.
On a post on r/aviation somebody found the flight tracking, and based on the last moments it looks like the pilot just flew straight into a hill. Instrument conditions are no joke.
I just said these exact words to my husband and our kids overheard. Now they are hysterical. I didn’t mean for them to hear it like that. I’m too done. Fuck!
Ugh right? I was like "Huh, that's weird. He's not..." Look up and two posts above it is the news story...
One of them was his daughterGianna
Holy shit, nooo!! That’s so fucking sad.. This is fucking tragic, I can’t fucking imagine how his wife is feeling...
I am not a big sports fan at all but this is so upsetting and to read that his daughter was with them. It’s heartbreaking.
went to sleep for a nap, woke up to kobe news. please reload save. please.
I went to take a nap, I was almost asleep and my brother burst in to tell me, so now I'm tired and sad as shit.
2020 already fucking sucks. There’s fires and viruses and Kobe and Gigi died, and niggas was talking about WW3 and shit and everything that’s just fucking sad and bullshit is happening. Nigga, take me back to 2005 or some shit; any place but here.
News said his daughters might have been onboard too. This is really sad. Bless up.
It was confirmed. He and his 13 year old daughter both perished in the crash.
Feel terrible for the family. My heart goes out to them
We have not even finshed jan and we already losing a king
People don’t even know how big this really is... just wait for tomorrow, a Monday morning. I can see this being close to MJ, and just as big as Robin Williams. Simply based on him still being a celebrity, and arguably able to make some team still if he wanted to, easily. E: want to be clear, in no way am I comparing the effects of each person on an individual nor do I have that ability, I’m speaking about how the news decides if it’s over by Thursday, or still pushing his name forward and the things he did before 42... One over Jordan...
Here in LA people are trying to get to Staples Center to pay their respects but they're holding the Grammys there today so they're not letting anyone get close. It's a clusterfuck.
This one literally hit me out of nowhere. Chills.
Bro FUCK 2020
And that's fax
Why does he look like he just lost the Championship...while he's holding the trophy?
IIRC this was shortly after he married his current wife Vanessa, which caused him to become estranged with his parents as they did not approve of her heritage (Latina). He was just a young 20's kid who was really sad that his parents weren't there to witness one of the proudest moments of his life.
I was looking at his plays last night, man. May he rest in peace. This year is already so goddamn horrible.
we going back to 2019 and trying 2020 one more time from the top????????????
Yo this guy predicted that Kobe would die in a helicopter. Like who just says random things like that? He’s a fan btw but it’s weird. https://twitter.com/dotnoso/status/268466325842694144?s=21
He would always take helicopters to the staples center for games because he lived out in orange county and LA traffic is terrible.
Hot damn, we got in-game quests now!
NBA RPG
2k meets real world
harden needs to get 24 foul shots to get 1 vote as an mvp
All I want to do is the Kobe Bryant side quest.
Soon the players need to do micro transactions to get their alternate jerseys
Took me a couple reads to understand what's actually going on but it's interesting to say the least
Can you explain? So the resets in the 2nd quarter and again in the 3rd quarter? So what's the point of the first half.
For Example: Before the game - East picks Charity A, West Picks Charity B Quarter 1 - 12 minute quarter East - 32, West - 28 (Charity A gets $100,000) Quarter 2 - 12 minute quarter East - 36, West - 36 (Money rolls to next Quarter's winner) Quarter 3 - 12 minute quarter East 35, West 33 (Charity A gets $100,000 from Quarter 2, and $100,000 from Quarter 3) Quarter 4 - Untimed Quarter East Leads 103-97 First Team to reach the score of 127 (32+36+35+24) wins $200,000 for their charity. If it's East, since they've won the other three quarters already, both charities instead split the final $200,000 Charity B also wins $100,000.
This made it all click for me!
What on Earth were they thinking...
That this would be an intriguing was to add suspense to the game and make the end more dramatic. Watching the west try to come back while the east is on game point is way better than watching them Chuck 3s for the last two minutes waiting for the clock to run out.
watching them Chuck 3s for the last two minutes waiting for the clock to run out i don't really mind this new idea but the end of the game is usually somewhat competitive already
Right, and now they're trying to make the ends of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd quarters nearly as exciting.
It probably makes it more fun for the players as well? They can rotate who gets to finish out each quarter.
Yea they usually fuck around until five minutes in the fourth quarter
[deleted]
I like it. Just enough competition for the charities, and it means the stars are going to care about the 4th quarter, since the only way to win will mean a made shot.
Sounds way better than usual to me tbh
I don't understand the point of resetting the score after the first two quarters if its all added back up in the 4th anyway
Just to make it easier for everyone to tell who won which quarter
Honestly, they should keep it as damn simple as saying "and the winner of each quarter" and "as well as final score". The way the title is worded is title gore
Exactly! They literally show the score breakdown by quarter when going to commercial after every quarter. Just use that little chart to determine the charity and keep a running score...
For example: Quarter 1 East - 32, West - 28 Quarter 2 East - 25, West 27 Total score after 2nd Quarter: East - 57, West - 55 In this example, even though East leads at halftime, West's charity receives the $100,000 for Quarter 2 because they outscored East by 2 in the quarter. Perhaps to the casual fan it's easier to visualize with the reset, but I agree it should have been billed as "Win the quarter" without a confusing reset.
If you win a quarter, you get to donate a share of money to your charity.
This a great explanation thank you
I get it, but this is wildly convoluted, and I have no idea why the thought this was worth doing...
[deleted]
I’m sure they’ll bring it up a million times on Saturday and before the game. Also everyone complains about the all star game not being competitive enough then when the nba finally does something about it everyone complains before it’s even given a chance. Give it a chance
The format is a modified Elam ending. I personally hope the NBA adopts it as a format in the future. Current basketball end game is dumb as hell. Elam’s goal was simple – to try to create an endgame sequence where basketball actually looks like basketball instead of watching one team walk up the floor to shoot free throws and another team race down the floor to jack up threes. The Elam Ending accomplishes that mission because trailing teams who would dare to commit intentional fouls would be gifting their opponents an easy victory. Instead, they are required to play tight defense (as they would for the rest of the game) and try to get stops while scoring at the other end. One of the best examples for the benefits of the Elam Ending came in the game between the Scarlet and Gray (Ohio State alumni) and the Matadores (Texas Tech). The Ohio State team held a 75-70 lead when the Elam Ending began. With a target score of 82, the Scarlet and Gray led 80-73. The game ended with an alley-oop dunk that brought the entire gym in Columbus to their feet. Now here is the relevant question for sports fans – would you rather watch a game-winning, walk-off alley-oop… or would you rather watch the Matadores foul on four or five possessions in a nearly hopeless, time-consuming waste of everybody’s time? I would be willing to wager that at least 99% of fans would prefer the first scenario, unless there is someone out there who just really, really enjoys the art of the intentional foul. With the Elam Ending, every single game is guaranteed a game winning shot https://thecomeback.com/nba/the-elam-ending-is-the-best-thing-to-happen-to-basketball-this-century.html
I've never heard of the Elam Ending before and didn't know it was a thing. Thanks for the article. Personally, I'm glad the NBA is following the NFL's lead and trying out different wacky rules for the All-star game, like the 4th and 15 onside in the Pro-Bowl this year. This sounds like a fun concept so it'll be interesting to watch how it plays out with NBA players.
This seems complex but it actually makes sense. The goal is: 1) to make each quarter competitive, with real stakes, and 2) to make the 4th quarter exciting by eliminating the run-out-the-clock strategy and ensuring that there's always a game-winning shot Yes, this is unfamiliar. But I think bball fans will understand very quickly when they watch the actual game. Compared to dribbling, fouling, and other aspects of bball, this is super simple
Whoever is leading after 3 quarters only has to score 24 points to win it. The team that’s behind has to score more than 24, to reach that total.
24 seems like a really low number to finish a quarter in an all star game.
Maybe the idea is that then they'll actually play defense. But who knows
In this era even in a game where you are playing your ass off defensively 24 is pretty low.
You should watch either the sixers or opponents of the Knicks more.
Since they're pushing the Kobe angle so hard, I wouldn't be surprised if the guys go all out this year.
Should have been 81
1st quarter to 8 2nd quarter to 24 3rd quarter to 60 4th quarter to 81 First team to 163 wins
It'll be about the competitiveness of the game rather than the volume of points now.
It should be the team that's behind has to score 81.
sounds like the Elam ending but happens WAAAAAY before the last 4:00 of the game
Should be 32
it seems like 3 rounds of 12 minutes each for the first 3 quarters. then the final quarter is a play to XX number???
Yeah they’ll play to “leading team’s score + 24”. Whoever gets to that total first will win. I like it.
Isn't that just a super modified Elam Ending?
Yes, they reference Elam ending in the article. Apparently NBPA head CP3 is a big fan of The Tournament and suggested it.
They kinda flubbed the wording. Instead of saying there's a score reset at the start of quarters, just say they're donating to the side that wins each quarter.
It cuts out that point in the middle where they’re just coasting. I think this could be a good change
The last few minutes of an all star game can be fun though. This way we get 4 end of game scenarios in a way, and it won't end up as a blowout with guys just screwing around at the end.
I’ve read it 4 times and am still very confused
In case you're still confused, the first three quarters will be regular timed quarters. The winner of each individual quarter gets $100k for their charity. For the fourth quarter, they will turn off the game clock and add 24 to the higher team's score, making that the target score. First team to reach that target score gets $200k. EDIT: For clarity
Needed this explanation, thanks! I was reading a tweet about it like 4 times and still didn't get it haha
Yeah I think saying the score gets reset after every quarter makes it a lot more confusing than it needs to be.
That just made more sense to me than reading everything else did. Thanks. It actually sounds kind of fun. Hopefully that means some defense will get played in the 4th Q.
It’s not really reseting the score. It would’ve been clearer if they said $ will be donated each quarter to the team that scored the most points in that quarter.
Yeah that would've made more sense, but resetting the score makes it feel like another game so maybe the players will care more.
Yeah I think resetting the score will help players forget about the overall game and care more about winning each quarter. For example is a Khris Mid heats up at makes a few threes in the the 2nd quarter to win it he gets a lot more exposure then if he just made the score go from 81 to 90
The other team is also more likely to defend him properly if the three's are making it 33-30 Team Giannis rather that 90-81 team Giannis
Wait what? So sorta like the Big 3 but what's the point of the first and 2nd quarter if it just resets? Ok, it's explained in the article. There’s at least $500,000 for charity at stake from the game alone. Each of the first three quarters is worth $100,000 — if there’s a tie, the money rolls over to the next quarter — and the final score is worth another $200,000. If one team sweeps all four quarters, the other team will receive $100,000 for its charity regardless. Interesting format...
but which charity? I for one hope they choose Comedy Relief.
im rooting for The Human Fund
Afghanistananis with AIDS
Who has AIDS?!
Money for people
The Greek Economy
If I had to guess, team captains will choose a charity or they let the team decide as a whole. edit: yep, looks like the captains will choose any chicago based organization
points are reset to determine QTR winners. All scores will be "added back" at the start of the 4th QTR. Highest score + 24 pts will be new target score to win the whole game.
Love this. Actual article here from the tweet - https://apnews.com/d465010625f8118c5fdbf8e05103d21c This is what I got from it First three quarters: score is reset to 0-0 each qtr. Winning team of just that qtr gets $100,000 donated to charity. 4th quarter: total scores of the game are back. So if West beat East 30-25 in each of the 3 quarter, 4th quarter would start at 90-75 like a normal game. To win the game, you need to reach the score of whichever team has the lead in the 4th + 24pts. So in that example, first to 114 points wins. No game clock in the 4th quarter. Hope that makes sense. Pic breakdown: https://twitter.com/MarcJSpearsESPN/status/1222962234403573760/photo/1 Looks like $500,000 given away to charity total. $100k each for first three quarters, $200k for the winning team
This makes far more sense now and seems kinda fun. They need to find a better way to simply explain the concept though because the one-sentence description makes it sound really dumb lol
I feel like people will catch in fast once it's played. I think winning Quarters might make the game more competitive.
Also I like the streetball/big 3 rule where you play to a certain score instead of the clock. I’ve always wanted to see NBA players play that kind of game.
There is a chance the 4th is 3 minutes
And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that IMO. If the game is being scored that easy, no need to drag it out.
r/nba: no one cares about the ASG. We need to change it up NBA: ok let’s try this new format and see how it goes r/nba: Who asked for this??? Thanks for explaining it. Hopefully people will read this before complaining about stuff addressed in the article
I think obviously a lot of people just read the title (as expected) and assumed the 4th qtr just starts 0-0 and nothing matters. I know everyone still won't like it, but I'm excited to see how it goes. It's been boring lately with every game being 0 defense ending 201-181
I usually am not one for big change but I like this...it's the all-star game. Might as well end on a game winner with the ultimate suspense piling up.
It basically guarantees every game will have clutch shots and tough defense towards the end instead of players just turning it into a shitty dunk contest
And the hope is they will actually give a shit if they're playing for charity.
Also imo the game should always be associated with Kobe (bc his legacy was about always taking these games seriously, he holds the all-time record with 4 ASG MVP) and I think if players keep that in mind they’ll always play hard and respect the game as competitors.
Thats an odd format to say the least
So the 4th quarter is gonna be 4-5 minutes long? I get the tribute, but shortening the game isn’t what’s best for entertainment.
If the losing team makes a comeback they will have to score more than 24 points. But yeah, will be shorter than usual almost assuredly. Hopefully they play defense in the 4Q.
If they don't play defense it'll be that short... So probably. But hey, at least they're trying something different. If it doesn't end up being better they'll just go back to the old formula next year.
This legitimately sounds like a nephew shitpost idea that would get downvoted into oblivion for being stupid and unrealistic. edit: That being said, I actually kinda like it
To be fair, nobody cares about the ASG now so they may as well try and change it now
I'm 100% all for some kind of Kobe tribute, but this sounds stupid
Nobody asked for this Edit: Yeah, this was a pretty bad take. Good on the NBA for making the ASG competitive.
"Let's honor Kobe at the all-star game." "What if we have a target score and everything goes to charity?" "Brilliant. How does it work?" "I'll think of something." "Have it to me in 5 minutes." EDIT: My point still stands that someone may have thought of this in 5 minutes.
The good thing is we will always see a game winner Plus it forces the guys to play defense
Yeah it makes the end of games more competitive with no game clock and neither team time-wasting . Like pickup ball when you’re stuck on game point or trying to win by two, the all-out scramble from everyone on the court is gonna make it exciting.
Target scores are a great idea though hell yeah elam ending
Aged like milk bro
Eat your hat sir
Delete this
Huh? Haven't we asked for the NBA to create a reason to try to make the game matter to players? You can argue they shouldn't be using Kobe's death to incentivize players to play defense, but this is def what people asked for
Well??
We better have a game thread
Damn that’s a great idea
Sure, I wanted to cry a lot today anyway
That’s everyday for me
in the words of kobe "you good fam?"
I am not good today, Kobe :(
I hope your day gets better ChappedAssholeLover
/r/Kindredditors
Don't know what a ditor is but we are all truly Kindred on this day.
I’m gonna have to cry on Tuesday anyways for the Clippers and Lakers game.
I bet he scores like 60 points tonight.
Already know a comment is gonna be like: Second quarter 5:24 left and someone is gonna comment yo f the refs what they calling
"Kobe needs to stop chucking smh"
[deleted]
Something about his TS%
Kobe would probably want it like that
CHALLENGE THAT...ohh
"whoah Kobe might do 50!"
less than a minute left and I think Kobe's final 3 pts. "Wtf ref thats a push off!!!"
Looking forward to retrospectively criticizing the refs with you all
MODSSSSSSSSSS! PLEASE LISTEN TO THIS MAN! I DON'T EVEN HAVE ESPN IN CANADA AND HAVE REWATCHED THE GAME PLENTY, BUT A THREAD WILL GET ME REUNITING WITH OTHERS ON HIS GREAT MEMORIES!
That would be amazing.
Kobe with 40!!!
Shit is gonna be emotional.
As long as it’s as toxic as ever and we react play to play it’s a great idea
I look forward to the game thread more than the game. That would be absolutely fucking beautiful. This is a chance to do something truly special, Reddit.
Fuck, this is gonna be hard to watch but I'll definitely tune in. Still so surreal.
Even more so because they have a ton of reaction shots from his wife and kids. They are front row and near the end when he's making every shot, they show them cheering. I recorded the game and I've seen it so many times I can remember every reaction. Those will be the shots that are hard to watch.
I just rewatched the full game last night actually. It’s really hard to watch the family shots knowing Gigi’s dead
Guys, I'm serious, I think I need a break from this sub for a few days. This whole thing is way too surreal and emotional for me. I'm so fucking sad, I think no celebrity death ever messed me up that much.
Take some time. Get right, fam. <3
We're gonna be ok man, gotta remember the only reason this sucks so much is because of how lucky we have all been to have this guy in our lives in the first place. Not a religious guy but this too shall pass. He will live forever.
Take your time, I still get emotional about Eddie Guerrero from time to time.
I remember after that game he mentioned his kids being so impressed with his gameplay and he was telling them that he used to always ball out like that. I wonder if that game was influential to Gianna and the reason why she knew she wanted to be the next great Bryant.
Also the pre-game video they showed on the jumbotron...
Gigi clapping enthusiastically messed me up.
They need to air some prime Kobe games so newphews understand what it was like watching some dude skyfuck your team yeeting ridiculous turn around jump shots over triple teams
For real, prime fuck you Kobe was unlike anything I’ve ever seen ??
I always see terms like 'dagger' and 'backbreaker' thrown around here on highlight clips, but Kobe had 1-2 of those every game
And just for you, the 2003-2004 regular season finale where Kobe told everyone in Portland to go fuck themselves.
Yes please with Chick announcing so these nephews can learn what great announcing is. Kobe shutting the door of the refrigerator. Keep the butter hard and jello jiggling.
I DVRd the game the night it happened just as I recorded Jordan's final game on VHS. The DVR recording was lost on an old DVR box but I still have my copy of Jordan's final game. I never imagined Kobe would go off the way he did that night. I'm definitely tuning in tonight to watch it all over again.
Record it.
Nows your chance to get that game back :)
I won't be able to do it, but hope everyone else finds some joy in it. I remember watching this live, the electricity in the building for that final 3 and for the outlet pass was incredible. The reactions from his family, and from Snoop dancing of all fucking things, are still ingrained in my memory even though I've only seen it once.
I remember watching it over GSW securing their 73rd win.
I remember being at a bar so we could watch both. And even though we were all Warriors fans, nobody was watching the Warrior game by the end. That game was unbelievable.
I live in SF and was also at a bar watching both. You are right, no one was paying attention to the Warriors.
I'll always remember exactly where I was when I watched Kobe's last game. It's crazy, I had forgotten it was the same night the Warriors accomplished that. Speaks volumes about the legacy of Kobe that the Warriors were accomplishing this unprecedented season but everyone tuned into a meaningless game for a non-playoff Lakers team just to be able to see vintage mamba one last time. And goddamn was it worth it.
Same, freshman year of college with one of my best friends in my dorm room. We’d just finished a few games of pick up when we got back in time to watch the Warriors and Kobe’s farewell at the same time. By halftime the warriors game was such an afterthought. People in our dorm heard us going nuts over every shot Kobe hit though. We ended up with probably 15-20 people crammed in this tiny dorm room to watch the last couple minutes of Kobe’s career. An incredible memory in my life that I owe to Kobe.
I pulled an all-nighter that day because my bachelor's thesis was due a couple days later (I'm in Europe so the game started at around 4 am). Needless to say I didn't manage to write much and ended up closing Word by the 3rd quarter. Didn't even get anything done the next day because I was watching highlights and reading the reddit threads over and over.
I remember telling people “Kobe’s gonna go off and drop like 40 or something!” Lol It’s like that Shaq quote. “I told him to get 50 and the motherfucker dropped 60” I don’t know if I can bring myself to watch this game tonight.
Danny Leroux recalled being in the press box for the Warriors' 73 win game. Hearing him talk about it is surreal, in the 2nd half the entire press box was watching Kobe. Hell, people all over the stadium, paying for Warrior tickets no less, were on their phones trying to watch Kobe pop off for the last time. He never matched MJ for GOAT, but when it comes to captivating people's attention he is second to none.
I mean i feel like that's what 90% of the world was doing as well.
I would support moving the Warriors to Gary, Indiana if that brings back Kobe and his daughter tbh.
When 60 > 73.
What does that mean, Kobe Bryant?
That night was so magical. Such an incredible performance and the perfect way to cap off a legendary career
Magical night indeed. I remember Kobe starting the game off 0-5 and everyone started memeing about "Lul washed-up kobe gonna go for most missed field goals record" He proved that even when "washed-up", his Mamba Mentality was still very much there.
you described that beautifully. thanks you ??
That was a hell of a night. The Warriors were going for their 73rd win but I didn't even watch a second of that game, just wanted to capture all of Kobe's final game. Last 3 minutes where he just took over were insane.
You a real bball fan lol. All it means.
PSA: Kobe’s 81 point game in its entirety is on YouTube
This is the highest quality of the entire 81 point game I could find. https://youtu.be/zcVPLnR-c3g
I'm always shocked when mid 2000s sports recordings look like they're from 1989
The NBA still only uploads videos in 720p
lowkey, I want the ads and everything. It’ll feel like i’m watching it live all over again
I'd take Bagrani Primo Pasta commercials as a concession too
It does have the ads lol
This was always such an interesting game from the Jazz perspective. Houston just beat Sacramento right before this game meaning the Jazz were eliminated from the playoffs. I remember watching this game excited to see Kobe’s last game and then it didn’t mean much if the jazz won or loss. My favorite part was when Kobe was shooting the free throws, Hayward stepped on the line to make sure if he missed there would be a lane violation.
Yep, no regrets about cheering against the Jazz once in my life, it was a magical experience to witness live even before the tragedy. I'm so glad I learned from MJ to appreciate greatness even at the expense of my own team, it allowed me to love and respect Kobe no matter how badly he spanked us. I even kind of appreciate the Rockets for knocking us out so I could watch without any conflicting emotions, just witnessing greatness one last time.
Appreciating the Rockets....never thought I would hear a Jazz fan day that
Hes the man for that.
Yep, and IIRC, Hayward exaggerated his foot plant to make sure the ref saw it.
Can you explain what a lane violation would do?
Kobe would get to take the shot again (assuming he missed) and reach 60 points
Ah gotcha. Thanks!
Naw man I can't do it.
Same. It’s going to be a long time before I can watch that without getting destroyed. I watched the last few minutes the night before his crash because it’s my favorite sports moment of all-time. Every time I watch it I get emotional but don’t think I can get through it any time soon.
watch it, we are all in pain, but i like to think when we all tune it at 9 that for those 2 hours the whole world is feeling it together, then its not pain, its love.
Best last game ever until the end of time
Such an on brand Kobe game as well. Terrible shooting performance all night but starts hitting them when it counts. Really one of the best NBA moments of the decade.
I mean 22/50 is right there with his career FG%. Perfect way for it to end imo
The fact that I remember exactly where I was when I watched this game tells me how important he really was to the game and myself growing up. There are only a few other sports moments that I can still play back in my mind like it was yesterday, glad I got to witness it.
Never been more excited to watch my team get smashed
Well, the last time I watched this game the Jazz were being ousted out of the playoffs and getting torched by a 36 year old man as he walks out of the league. Think I might appreciate the game more this time around.
They were already mathematically eliminated by the time this game was played
Rockets knocked us out by winning earlier that night so we didn't have anything on the line.
I remember having to choose between that or golden state breaking the record. Was an insane night
I had the game on at the student union at my college and the Warriors game on my laptop. Pretty sure my laptop died and I didn't notice lol I was just flabbergasted that Kobe was making so many shots
I’ve been wanting to share this story somewhere over the past 24 hours, but I couldn’t find the right spot until now, so here it goes: I was on a bus with my high school choir heading down to Florida for a week long trip. Due to Kobe’s final game being later in the night, and because I didn’t want to piss off the chaperones, I reluctantly slept through the game and went to sleep at 10 PM. When I woke up in the morning, my phone was dead and I didn’t have a mobile charger, so I couldn’t see the results of the game until we got to a Golden Corral for breakfast. When we got off the bus, I asked one of my friends how many points Kobe put up. He said “60.” I thought he was pulling my leg like he was known for doing. Keep in mind, this is a 37 year old Kobe who put up around 15 PPG in 2016. I tried to call him out on his bullshit, but he kept saying “no, I swear, he put up 60.” We get into the Golden Corral, I plug my charger into my phone, and what do you know, the motherfucker put up 60. I watched nothing but highlights while I ate my meal in disbelief. To date, this game was my biggest “why the fuck didn’t I watch that live?” moment as a sports fan. If I had known what would happen to Kobe, I would’ve risked getting kicked off the bus and skipping the trip just to stream the game at a truck stop somewhere in South Carolina/Georgia. RIP Mamba, we will all miss you.
Some of you are so cynical. It’s not all about cash by playing this. It’s called remembrance. They’re honoring his great moments. The lakers channel spectrum is doing the same thing. Not everything is about exploitation and money. They’re honoring him
It's both. They are doing what we all would want them to as a sports network - honoring the man by replaying a great moment of his career. They're also giving us all something that we can watch together that could be a cathartic moment. However, they're still going to make money from the advertisements that are run. I'm not saying that they shouldn't, they are a business and that's what they do. Now, if they donated all the ad revenue to a Kobe charity, then it would be selfless and not about money.
Now, if they donated all the ad revenue to a Kobe charity, then it would be selfless and not about money. Then the usual suspects would just complain that it's all for PR. You can't please some people.
TaX wRiTe OfF
I'm getting the popcorn and tears ready. Rest in paradise, mamba
Fuck me, I'm definitely gonna lose it when he says "Mamba out"
Apart from the 60 points, the thing that I loved the most that game was Kobe & Odoms embrace after the game. Odom having just recovered from his near fatal over dose and being shy hiding amongst the ex players didn’t want to impose himself and when Kobe saw saw he breezed right past the other guys straight to Odom and gave him a massive hug as the Staples let out a cheer. The fact that many players would’ve turned their back on someone in Odoms situation due to not wanting to tarnish their own personal public image yet Kobe didn’t give a shit and visited him at the hospital and what speaks volumes about him as a friend, teammate and leader. https://youtu.be/K-vYrd1JQOE. (Around 1:20 mark in this clip)
Man, I’m not gonna be able to watch the end when they show him with his kids. I’m gonna tune in, but I’m gonna be a mess.
REEE ports: 28: I'm just using this as a super downvote. 9: This is spam 5: No posting personal information. 4: My vagina ruined my brain 3: Violates the White Knight Code Of Honor 3: Please notice me 3: No brigaiding 2: I'm a whiny cunt. 1: This is not PPD. Nothing wrong was done here. No one should be suspended for sharing old stories. 1: Spam 1: not PPD 1: Not pussy pass denied, you just hate women 1: u/anotherteapot comment describes this perfectly 1: This isn't pussy pass related. And don't turn this into a celebrity dick-sucking festival. 1: Not PPD 1: No actual PPD. Kobe was a POS 1: Not a ppd 1: It's targeted harassment at someone else 1: doesn't fit the sub 1: Not a pussy pass denied /u/Dylkim: There's a myth that Kobe's defense team leaked the name of Kobe's accuser. This is not true. Kobe's lawyers were allowed, by the judge, to bring up Faber's name. The Court and the Eagle County Justice Center's staff accidentally leaked the name. http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/crime/judge-dont-call-kobe-bryant-accuser-victim Prosecutor dismissed a witness, without telling the defense, simply because he contradicted their evidence. The sexual assault expert claimed jaw injury and vagina trauma are very much possible in consensual sex. Why is this so important? Prosecutor's entire case was predicated on the neck injury and vaginal trauma. Weirdly enough, this is never mentioned among news sites attacking Bryant. http://www.foxnews.com/story/2004/09/03/authorities-defend-handling-kobe-case.html The accuser had sex hours after her encounter with Kobe Bryant. However, before you guys try to use the "Sexual assault victims can be very unpredictable" card, (Which is somewhat valid) before this evidence was revealed, the accuser and the prosecutor's stances differed strongly from this. To exemplify, prosecutor tries to fight this evidence by saying she had sex BEFORE the encounter, but the forensic expert was very doubtful. If she had sex before the Kobe incident, there would be some DNA found on Kobe's clothing; Nothing was found http://www.nytimes.com/2004/08/04/us/papers-reveal-new-details-in-kobe-bryant-rape-case.html https://www.cbsnews.com/news/big-win-for-kobe-defense/ Before the actual trial took place, including the civil court, the accuser bragged about the money she was going to get from Kobe. . You know what's worse? 3 days before Kobe was charged, she was seen by more than 5 people bragging about her encounter with Kobe. http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/kobe-accuser-bragged-partygoer-happy-article-1.512242 http://www.foxnews.com/story/2004/11/06/docs-kobe-accuser-discussed-award-money.html Her ex-friend reveals the accuser had celebrity addiction for a long time. She tried to do the same thing to Eminem. She also wanted to testify: http://www.contactmusic.com/kobe-bryant/news/ex.pal-reveals-kobe.s-accuser-plotted-to-lure-eminem-into-bed She was seen leaving the hotel without any noticeable discomfort: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/kobe-records-released/ She had a history of mental illness that was dangerous to herself and her peer: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/alt.showbiz.gossip/n2cprdAFQJE (This evidence would not be accepted in today's court but was registered in 2004) The prosecutor lacked evidence. Not only evidence, they were badly losing against Kobe's defense team: "This ruling will make it much, much tougher for prosecutors to convict Bryant of sexual assualt,'' says legal analyst Cohen. "The physical evidence against him never was that strong to begin with and now this evidence is likely to tilt the 'he said, she said' battle squarely in Bryant's favor." https://www.cbsnews.com/news/big-win-for-kobe-defense/ The accuser lied and changed her story multiple times. I am okay with giving accusers the benefit of the doubt, but this was alarming. Because there was a witness who saw her without any visible discomfort (This is my assumption), she claimed she was forced to wash her face and settle down before leaving Kobe's room. What's even worse? she was given a chance to correct herself months after the initial statement; she continued the lie. She didn't admit to her mistake for a whole year. http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/news/kobe-accuser-mixups-admits-lies-claim-article-1.548757 Finally, the settlement. People actually use this as Kobe's confession. Kobe was strongly advised by his own defense team AND other prosecution to settle this case. Why? He could risk losing everything, and it does not help that he's a black man. If he didn't settle, it would take years for this case to conclude; his wife also had a miscarriage during this time. When you settle a case, it's a compromise with you and the defendant; you don't think the accuser wanted Kobe to say those things? To substantiate this, the accuser asked for "unspecified amount of money, as well as public vindication.". She got both in the settlement. The accuser is the one who wanted this comment. Its what the lawyers, from both sides, agreed to make Kobe sign to end it; it has nothing to do with Kobe's actual feelings or the reality of the case. This is a settlement. http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2004-09-28/news/0409290017_1_accuser-lin-wood-kobe-bryant By all accounts, this was a false accusation. I will never say I am 100% certain, but I am sure enough that he did not rape this woman. It's really funny how the media changed narratives to fit their agendas. I have never seen them bring up how much the prosecution was insanely unethical to Kobe AND many of his witnesses. The prosecutor, Lin Wood, is also a horrific person. POST IS STAYING
I don't think this qualifies for the sub - I would like to assume here that a man with similar timing would have been treated the same in this situation, and that her sharing it had nothing to do with her intending to or actually getting away with a pussy pass.
And I don’t think she did anything wrong. I have more problem with the deification of celebrities that indirectly led her to being fired.
I want to disagree with you so bad. But after typing a clever comeback response and thinking about it a little bit, you’re right lol.
Honestly I get that it was over a decade ago, but I live in the community in Colorado where Kobe raped that girl. I was here when it happened and I remember him saying "I understand how she could have 'mistakenly' seen it as rape". I remember him denying ever knowing her until they got him with DNA evidence and he changed his story. Him implying that since he didn't see it as rape that it didn't count and she was so terrified by the event and media frenzy that she didn't want to testify so he got off. Just because he went on to have an amazing career doesn't mean it never happened. Our community certainly never forgot. EDIT: the amount of apologists messaging me is astounding. He raped a 19 year old girl just out of high school working in the hotel he was staying at, she was to scared to testify (as is common in rape cases) so it never went to trial. I literally live in the community it happened in (then and now).
Dude there’s so much evidence you’re not including lmao she had sex apparently shortly after and witnesses said she bragged about fucking Kobe and a friend said she had always been obsessed with celebrities and tried to do the same thing to another celebrity
Well yea, you don't expect them to consider all of the facts do you? Only the facts that fit the desired narrative matter.
No, no, no. You have to BELIEVE women! Always! We live in a rape culture where men will just take what they cannot get! It doesn't matter if she bragged about the size of his dong! It doesn't matter that she was in so need for real affection that she sought the company of other men after her assault! Women always tell the truth! Don't blame the victim! /s
It's amazing how these days any woman can claim she was raped with no evidence at all and refuse to testify in court, and still everybody will say the man in question is a rapist. If I lived in the USA I would be afraid of having sex and I would definitely film every single sexual encounter I had.
I think this is why a lot of celebrity have learned to not have sex with fans. Kobe and any prominent athlete have it thrown at them. Its difficult for me to believe he would force anyone when he can get just about anyone he wants with ease. All he has to do is enter the room.
Only those two really know what happened. But she wasn't so terrified to testify, she got a huge settlement and did not want to cooperate there after with the prosecution...
Lawyers will tell you to act a certain way. Well, that should be obvious
That statement would have been negotiated as part of the legal settlement. Edit: There would also have been NDA's on both sides, so it's not surprising they didn't discuss it directly publicly thereafter. However reporting around Kobe's death has thrown up him saying he felt he was wrongfully accused to a reporter in personal conversation (context was Trayvon Martin's death and Kobe's refusal to condemn Zimmerman initially)
He didn't rape anyone. He was never prosecuted. He's innocent until proven guilty, which he was never proven guilty.
Source on that quote by him?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobe_Bryant_sexual_assault_case#Aftermath " Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. " Not quite, but pretty close. (There might be another quote elsewhere, I dunno)
Throwing the word "mistakenly" makes it a big difference. He never said she was wrong for believing that it was rape.
Yea what was made in the first comment and what was actually said are not at all pretty close. And im kind of pissed that OP even thinks they are. What the fuck. The quote pretty obviously expresses that he and she saw the situation differently.
Just because you "literally" live where this happened doesn't mean shit btw. Things like this happen all over the country and the only reason your community hasn't forgotten is because of a famous name, because believe me there are women out there who's cases are long forgotten and never saw justice and their communities have moved on. Moreover, it never went to trial like you said so it's concerning that you are viewing those who are questioning your source of information as apologists, and this is after you misquoted him drastically and presented this information as reason for everyone else to assume his guilt. Rape is horrible and fuck him if he did it, but you are being unreasonable.
you live in the community it happened in? so fucking what? unless you were a witness to the alleged rape, your speculation is as (in)valid as anyone else’s.
"It totally happened guys, I was there!" Do you know how many people on this website have tried the exact same stunt you're pulling? You wanna guess how many people can fool anyone with it? I honestly don't care if you lived there or not though. That doesn't make you the source of absolute truth on the matter so quit beating it over our heads like it does. You're allowed to have your own opinions on what you think he did, but that's just what they are. They're not facts, they're just you asserting that he did it because you say so and then calling the people who disagree with you rape apologists. This is not rape apologia or deifying celebrities. This is completely justified skepticism from people who have already seen false accusation after false accusation falling against other guys, especially famous or wealthy guys that play professional sports (Brian banks, anyone?). An especially disgusting tactic is to drop the accusation after they've expired, so you can cash in on the media attention of your bullshit survivor story when the accused can't even defend themselves. "Cancel culture" uses this tactic a lot. Without a trial, he can't be considered a rapist in the eyes of the law. I give absolutely zero shits about her being "scared" to testify, that's what happens when we run this bullshit "don't tell rape victims to report" campaign centered around protecting people's sensibilities at the expense getting justice and punishing rapists. If it truly happened to her, she should have reported it. I say this as the victim of two sexual assaults and an attempted rape. Report it. The potential to get victim blamed or re-traumatized is a small sacrifice compared to what might happen if you let your rapist walk free. There's ways to make the process less difficult for survivors that doesn't involve encouraging them to avoid prosecuting their rapists or defending their decision not to.
the amount of apologists messaging me is astounding. Not really even a little. Your misquoting someone in an attempt to frame them for rape. I don't personally believe he did it, I believe that she didn't want to testify because she wasn't telling the truth. But, because neither me nor you can really know, and the only thing we do really know is that the court system treats rape victims like garbage, there's a chance you're right. There's also the chance that she is in a position to 'cause significant harm to his career, his image, and his overall wellbeing, using this to improve her own financial wellbeing. I guess the reason why you're receiving so many messages is because of the sheer sureness that you have, like do you have evidence that's not freely available that we're missing? Could you share it?
I’m no basketball fan. And if he did rape her that’s tragic and he’s a scumbag. But his daughter didn’t do anything. She also died. This reporter bringing up old bones makes it seem like he got what was coming to him, but then what about his daughter?
That is indeed really sad. We too often forget the tragedy that is collateral to superstar death. If we’re doing whataboutism then there were also other people in that helicopter who didn’t cheat on their partners or get accused of rape.
You don't think its morally wrong to post an article regarding an alleged rape just a few hours after said alleged rapist died, along with his daughter and 7 other people while millions of people are mourning? The reason she was suspended isn't because people diefy / idolize Kobe and thus don't care whether or not he raped somebody, it's because she posted this HOURS after his & their deaths which was highly inappropriate and insensitive. The word here is tact(less).
Why did you have to do that before you figured out he was right?
I would argue that she was fired for exercising extremely poor judgment and bad taste rather than anything to do with kobe being a celebrity.
Suspended, not fired
She’s neither anymore actually, OP took so long to upload this picture that by the time they did the reporter had been suspended, an investigation took place, the news company made a public statement about reporters shouldn’t be posting about shit that’s doesn’t relate to them on Twitter, then there was backlash from other reporters about that statement, then she was reinstated. All of this took place many many hours before this post was made.
And I was blissfully unaware until this very moment. Lot to unpack here, definitely think she posted those Tweets at a very distasteful time regardless
I would argue it was bad judgement. I mean Kobewas internationally renown and right after tragically losing his life with his daughter and other families on board and her first response is to drum up an extremely sketchy as fuck rape allegation that he was acquitted for over a decade ago, I mean the guy has spent his retirement being a champion for women in athletics. I understand freedom of speech is an issue here, but it doesnt protect you from being an insensitive cunt and the backlash would have been a headache for any employer.
He wasn’t acquitted. It never went to trial because the victim didn’t want to testify. That’s not acquitted
He's innocent of rape until convicted by a court of law. You're not guilty until acquitted, it's the other way around.
Let's be real, she was fired because WAPO don't want bad press.
She wasn't fired or suspended. She was reinstated hours before this post was made.
She was suspended. She was reinstated as well. All before this post.
Nothing would have happened if she did the same thing to a non celebrity
She wouldn’t be writing about a non celebrity. They don’t write stories that nobody cares about.
She was suspended because in a reply she accidentally doxed a co worker, nothing to do with any of this, pay attention to the news
Yeah she did something wrong. This struck a raw nerve, it could have waited until the news was less fresh, not literally an hour or two from release. Tact and respect are important.
The F award I gave you is because F.... how do you not think that a journalist posting an article on his alleged rape JUST HOURS after he and his daughter, along with 9 other people, died? She wasn't suspended for mentioning the alleged rape, she was suspended for exercising horrific judgment in posting thisfl directly after their deaths when millions of people, whether you like it or not, were mourning.
I think she did. This has nothing to do with deifying anyone. This has to do with tact. Something she showed that she had none of. This is why she was suspended and rightfully so.
Yes and no. Anyone can make allegations. What would be appropriate to bring up would be charges with convictions.
You don't even have to assume. Comedian at shaffir is under fire for the same thing right now. Shows cancelled and everything
Here here.
90% of the posts on this sub dont qualify to be on this sub
I would give you an upvote , but you have 666 already so I'm not touching it.
Honestly though, it was an interesting read, because of the Family Guy Skit I thought for a second that he did raped that woman. That was one of he first things that popped into my mind when he died. Interesting read thanks!
She has been reinstated
And now she's supposedly trying to get her boss fired lol
I kinda don't blame her. He raped people.
Allegedly
Like the ginger and boots with that ostrich
Not a PP denied. Where the mods at?
This place has been trash for a hot minute. You think the mods give a fuck?
This sub is turning into an incel circle jerk
Every sub is turning into a circle jerk. Reddit is pretty much shit these days
^ x100000
Sooooo.... This sub is just gonna be "something bad happened to a chick" now?
Been like this for a while. Used to be funny stuff like super entitled women having tantrums or being aggressive and then turning to "YOU CAN'T DO/SAY THAT, I'M A WOMAN". Now it's just any excuse to laugh at women.
I miss the good old days of this sub when it was like that. It was actual validation. Now it’s just “OH LOOK AT THIS WOMAN FAIL SO HARD!”
[removed]
Now?
People should read the wiki of this case During the July 2003 interview with investigators, Bryant initially told investigators that he did not have sexual intercourse with his accuser, a 19-year-old woman who worked at the hotel where Bryant was staying. When the officers told Bryant that she had taken an exam that yielded physical evidence, such as semen, Bryant admitted to having sexual intercourse with her, but stated that the sex was consensual.[2] When asked about bruises on the accuser's neck, Bryant admitted to "strangling" her during the encounter, stating that he held her "from the back" "around her neck", that strangling during sex was his "thing" and that he had a pattern of strangling a different sex partner (not his wife) during their recurring sexual encounters. When asked how hard he was holding onto her neck, Bryant stated, "My hands are strong. I don't know." Bryant stated that he assumed consent for sex because of the accuser's body language such as her kissing him, putting her hand on his penis, and bending over, but that he did not explicitly ask for her consent during the encounter. Bryant later said that he believed his accuser was capable of saying no because during the encounter he asked her if he could "cum on her face", and she said no.
In other words, it was consensual sex. Thanks for the info.
Why? After he was accused in 2003 she refused to testify after the investigation, so he got off. He than settled with Katelyn Faber 2 years later for an undisclosed amount out of court in 2005 for having sex with & wanting to jack off on her face to finish & being denied. She refused to testify as to not be blacklisted in the sports world at a later time, being she's been so heavily involved since & is still.
How do we know that the accuser wasn't making a false allegation to become "famous"?
We don't and a lot of the evidence kind of points in that direction. I don't get reddit sometimes. After all the metoo movement stuff people started being cautious of allegations saying they need to be investigated properly before deciding guilt etc... but anyone who was ever accused of anything before metoo is automatically a rapist even when they were investigated and the case properly handled and nothing found.
yes
Good summary of the case here since it seems many people don't know the facts of the case. Always do your own research to form your own informed opinion. TL;DR Criminal case was dropped by the prosecution. The accuser was inconsistent in her story. The civil case was settled (not an admission of guilt).
I was looking for this. Thanks for posting.
Does not qualify for this sub, she was totally in the right. They should not have suspended her.
I know this will probably lose me karma, but how is this PPD? She posted a featurette about a recently dead celebrity because everyone was acting like Kobe was Jesus getting nailed to the cross when he was not perfect. This lead to a bunch of whiny ass people saying she shouldn't tell the truth amd they should be allowed to only remember the good things he did, like put a ball in hole when other people didn't want him too and ingnore the fact he at one point used his fame for putting a ball in a hole to pressure a young woman into sexual act she did not want to do.
Off topic question, but why is it that in news articles a headline gets repeated so many times? Like in this example it is almost literally repeated 4 fuckin' times, adding almost no additional info to the story. What is that!? You think I didn't get it the first time? You wanna ram it into my brain or something? I really don't get it.
Doesn't belong here. She did nothing wrong to retweet an old article they hosted, but should have been more tactful.
Please read about her ruining a friends and fellow journalists life
Really? Kobe admitted to the sexual encounter. She refused to testify later in court and she later sued him. They settled it out of court and he later publicly apologized to her, all the while admitting no guilt. Sounds pretty credible to me. Something happened between them. Kobe admitted that himself. Whether or not it was actually rape we may never know because they settled it out of court, away from the public eye.
If someone notes Mike Tyson was a rapist when he dies I hope they don’t get suspended from their jobs.
this isn't a ppd post. People are forgetting how terrible he was simply because he died and played some shitty game.
It's in poor taste whether he did things wrong or not. He was never convicted of rape so in the eyes of the law he is innocent. Sharing this article right after his death is intentionally trying to defame his character when he can't even defend himself.
Wow sharing an internet article after a CELEBRITY death? How dare she. Fired and to the gulag stay in line sheep
But Kobe totally was a rapist. Why is this here?
Was he convicted in the court of law?
The case was dropped in 2004 because the women he raped wasn’t able to continue the case (my guess is financially or mentally). If it were in this time, where any woman can say that she was raped by someone (even if she wasn’t) and the dude she accuses us fucked, it’d be a different story. Highly doubtable that it was a fake rape report. Also a possibility that he paid the family off to drop it. I do believe there was a civil case settlement for the case at some time where the sum was not disclosed.
Also they tested her underwear finding 4 males DNA , to save the embarrassment. No means no from the minute she says no. but they already were having sex when she said No
Embarrassment*
Yeah, whilst it seems in poor taste, I think glorifying someone who might have a very dark side is a reasonable excuse to throw a link on twitter with an "FYI..."
So I assume the rape story is 100% proved wrong?
It was never proved 1% right either.
He admitted that he believes she didnt think it was consensual. She had to get stitches for anal tearing , to say it isnt at least somewhat possible is misleading . However he is still innocent until proven guilty .
I'm on her side simply because I don't see the importance of protecting dead basketball man's reputation
this is kind of old news actually, she's not suspended anymore
R/imapieceofshit
This also belongs in r/iamatotalpieceofshit
Get fucked
Wtf did twitter just do something good for once?
She was reinstated the next day pretty much and the editor apologized for acting to quickly. Also this isn't really a ppd as she was never trying to use her gender for anything she was just doing reporter shit and people freaked out.
Did it have a previous name ?
I don’t believe so, I’m pretty sure it was just called the all star game mvp trophy
It was always an advertisement. Like ‘Kia all star game mvp’. Good for the league
As long as they don’t just make it the Kia Kobe MVP Award.....
At first I thought it was a good idea, after reading your comment... now I know what's really going to happen
That's exactly what it is.
At least its not sponsored by Sikorsky.
?
It's better than not doing anything at all. You can't expect the NBA to permanently remove a sponsorship, but adding Kobe's name to the MVP award is a cool thing to do.
[deleted]
I could considering how much the NBA makes off of the fans with licensed purchases.
Headline should be "Kobe Btyant's name added to NBA All-Star MVP trophy"
You are da real MVP
“Just like the best player in the all star game let KIA be the MVP of your commute”? Or “now you call yell KOBE! Every time you park your KIA right on the first try”
Kia isn't even the MVP of extremely cheeply made car brands. Who approved their sponsorship of that award?
Money.
Ummm, the NBA.
Arguably, they are. They’re very close to Toyota, and generally cheaper.
I'm totally going to start doing this with my Kia minivan.
“You’ll move though traffic on the roads just like Kobe on the court, with KIA lane assist”
Imagine all the possibility: Kobe Beef MVP Award
They'll probably have it be like "The Kobe Bryant All-Star MVP Award presented by Kia"
I think is gonna be more like KIA presents the all star game Kobe Bryant mvp award.. maybe something along those lines.
This is the same league that was bending over for China not that long ago, as much as this gesture means, we shouldn’t forget that.
They should have named the finals MVP the Kobe... These guys barely compete in the all’s star game..
That's Bill Russell's Award. It hasn't even been called the Bill Russell award for very long either just a few years ago. That wouldn't even be fitting for the Finals MVP award to be named after Kobe anyways.
The KIA Kobe Bryant MVP award, with affiliation from Mountain Dew, sponsored by NBA 2K20.
Yup, like shoe-horning in the mountain dew zone shots in the 3 point contest. Got the announcers saying mountain dew over and over again
I had to scroll down waaaay too far before I realized its Kia (the Korean car people) and not Killed In Action.
As a basketball player, being KIA would be pretty intense.
Imagine being on the North Korean National Team and not bringing home the gold..
In conjunction with the RAND Corporation... we’re through the looking glass here, people
K.i.a. you say?
bruh
A "KOBE award" is a nice name for an award actually.
Better trademark it so the Japanese beef couldn't be called kobe anymore.
Would be quite ironic because kobe was named after the beef
His brother Wagyu could never live up to the name
His sister Angus did tho
It would become quite a beef between the two.
Perhaps after it is over, they can beefriend each other.
They're both gonna have to beef up
I don’t get why you’re downvoted so hard for that. I’m hoping it’s all just a missed steak.
lmao the world has been pronouncing his name wrong for eternity
I'm pretty sure the NBA isn't going to get Japan to rename a prefecture.
If they could, they would.
Ok, so the beef award is "Ko-bay" and the MVP award is "Ko-bee". Or we address the MVP award as "The Mamba award".
Can’t trademark words that are public domain - “Kobe” is public domain bc of the beef
It’ll be referred to as “The Kobe”. As in “Who is gonna take the Kobe this year” or “Dude, he won the Kobe 3 years straight!”
What will the award be called? Article didn’t say. Will it be like, “LeBron James won a Kobe in 2022?”
It's called the Kia NBA All-Star Game Kobe Bryan MVP Award. Link
Thank you. I suppose “LeBron James won a Kia in 2022” is even weirder. Edit: son/won
It would be very weird if LeBron son turned into a Kia
That sounds more like an award for crashing and burning...
Delete this nephew
Come on. Maybe it wasn't a good joke, but downvoting someone for dark humor? I thought dark humor is what reddit is about.
I didn't down vote lol. Just a meme.
No
Pretty sure it’s the Kia All Star Kobe MVP award or something like that
A fight for the award will now be called “Kobe Beef”
Did not see “award” in the title, thought they were going to rename the MVP “Kobe”. “Alright, I know it’s too soon, but you’re our only hope Lebr- I mean, Kobe James!”
[Stares in Michael Jordan]
?
That's pretty "Public Relations" of the NBA. A tenant of PR is to never waste a good tragedy so... Great way to honor a man who already sealed more honor than can be bestowed. Get ready for these new tribute-Kobe shoes...
At least it's an appropriate award to name after him; Kobe won 4 All-Star game MVPs if I'm not mistaken. Hell, the Finals MVP is named after the most decorated champion in the sport, Bill Russell, so not like it's unprecedented to name them after guys; however, it does feel shitty that a tragedy had to happen for this.
A tenet of PR
No no no, they mean someone renting a property in Puerto Rico
Now they just need to call the dunk trophy the AG00 award
They will do anything for some media attention
So are we putting up there with the Kevin Spacey award for best new comer or the Michael Jackson best young talent Grammy?
best new comer damn
Kevin Spacey jokes aren't funny. Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
Oh god, the pandering is out of control at this point.
Soo what are we gonna do when MJ dies
Unless Jordan dies a) young and b) tragically, nothing.
Well Kobe has the most consecutive all star games and the point record holder, so it makes sense. Not sure about mj but they will do something
audible eyeroll
I’m honestly for Kobe being the new NBA logo. Jerry West doesn’t seem like he wants it to be him anymore and the logo hasn’t been updated in a long time if ever.
The NBA "Rapey" award?
Shhh, no one wants to remember that part.
Er... sure you know the case where he wasn't convicted and the details were incredibly dicey. I don't think anyone forgot but maybe some people only read the headlines.
Except he apologized.. and said he understood she didn't consent. Sounds like he knew it was wrong.
He never said he understood she didn't consent, he said that he understood that she feels like she didn't consent: Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter.
No, he didn’t. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. Full statement: First, I want to apologize directly to the young woman involved in this incident. I want to apologize to her for my behavior that night and for the consequences she has suffered in the past year. Although this year has been incredibly difficult for me personally, I can only imagine the pain she has had to endure. I also want to apologize to her parents and family members, and to my family and friends and supporters, and to the citizens of Eagle, Colorado. I also want to make it clear that I do not question the motives of this young woman. No money has been paid to this woman. She has agreed that this statement will not be used against me in the civil case. Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter. I issue this statement today fully aware that while one part of this case ends today, another remains. I understand that the civil case against me will go forward. That part of this case will be decided by and between the parties directly involved in the incident and will no longer be a financial or emotional drain on the citizens of the state of Colorado.[21]
Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did. You do realize what this says, right?
[removed]
You might want to read that again genius.
The case where her identity was revealed before the trial and her life became a living hell of harassment and death threats and she dropped the case. The case where he apologized, and admitted she didn’t consent. I think your memory might be hazy.
Only Hall-of-Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar has more All-Star Game appearances than Bryant. He has the most games, except for one other guy.
[removed]
[removed]
*sorts by controversial
The raping cheater award
#METOO except when it comes to Kobe Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did.
“Forensic evidence shows that the woman had sex with a Caucasian male later that evening, the case was thrown out because alleged victim refused to testify” ”Truly believe this encounter was consensual” if people didn’t care about this while he was alive why are they pretending to care now that he’s dead? And also, why did pedophile David Bowie get a pass when he died? And why are Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones still revered as great rock bands even after all the Jimmy Page and Mick Jagger shit?
This Kobe worship has gotten out of hand. The guy has a family and a young daughter that died, that’s tragic. But he was actually kind of a piece of shit as a person.
2020 is being a bitch, first "WWIII", then the coronavirus then this.
Dont forget the Australian fires
and the first month ain't even done...we in for a helluva fucking decade
The next big shit of 2020 would probably be someone accidentally blowing up half of America lol
Nah, the next big shit of 2020 is me turning 20 tomorrow.
Rip
Happy birthday?
Oh, you turned 20? You have lost life privilege
God it fucking feels like it.
we'll miss you F and early happy real life spotify cheese day
F
I am sorry, little one
Seattle shootings, rip
Puerto Rico and Turkey earthquakes
Philippines volcano
more attacks on Jews
This year has just been a shitass start to a year
wait you want more than normal?
sorry that was written weird
Rats conquer Europe Oh wait
It's the year of the rat!
Was there can confirm
I live here, so I can confirm
Also the Iranian plane crash
The air strikes as well
they started in summer 2019 and people were talking about them before 2020 started
Doesn’t change the fact that they are still going. I know you didn’t say that, but I just had to say something. Koala are nearly extinct because of them
Don't forget Indonesia Flood
Horrible that his daughter died as well
she was the next big thing too: UConn Commit at 13
And her friend and friend’s dad. It’s so sad
Neil Peart?
Aw dude :(
Such a fucked up year so far
Ikr what is happening I’m low-key scared
and Terry Jones died
Well technically WWIII hasn’t started and it probably won’t
I just found out too. RIP black mamba
F in the chat -Walter, 72
Please dont die Walter.
If Walter dies, we all die
F
F
F
F
F
Walter is a god
Walter!
Shit man, you're becoming one of us already in only a nice amount of days (69)
RIP. i have had a picture of kobe as my wallpaper for years now. he is my idol. i cant fucking believe it, i love basketball because of him. i bet shaq is heartbroken. best of luck to his family
he was w his 13 yo daughter aswell, i cant imagine what his wife and other children are feeling rn
tek sam sad provalio da se zoves jelena lol
ah lmao ciao kako si
dobro a ti, moja tetka zivi u rijeci tamo je divno, ja u bg, kako je u kroatiji
why yall talking jugo now lmao
I feel so bad for his daughter, She is only a teenager, and is supposed to be a really good basketball player. This must be devastating for her
Which daughter? According to my brother his 13 year old was with him and all the reports say there were no survivors.
Him, his 13 year old daughter, his daughter’s teammate, and her parents Don’t know if that’s true but That’s what I saw
I’m not sure, I’m not into sports, but my family is. There are lots of mixed reports wether his daughter was there or not
Yeah apparently one station said all his daughters were with him but they actually had no idea if that was true.
Apparently, they don't even know if he even perished. They said it was a "possibility" that Kobe died.
I guess we’ll have to wait to find out
MSNBC and CNN said his daughter, daughter’s teammate, her parent, and the pilot were also killed.
This is just getting worse and worse
Gigi Bryant. 13 years old and a great basketball player with tons of potential. Died on her way to a basketball practice at Kobe's Mamba Academy located in my hometown. So devastating to hear.
Yes it was his 13 year old daughter.
Apparently, his oldest daughter, the basketball player, was also in the crash with him. This sucks man.
Imagine living a healthy, good life. You got a promising future ahead of you. You're physically fit. And it's pretty insignificant in the grand scheme of things but you're pretty rich. Life's good, right? Then suddenly, your life gets taken. You die through an accident that was no fault of your own. That future you had ahead of you will never be realized now. All that remains is the ever-lingering thought "What if?" To die so young is a great tragedy indeed
I think this is the first celebrity death where I’ve gotten chills reading the news. I think it’s kind of like when Micheal Jackson and Robin Williams died, but most of us weren’t old enough to process the news.
my first time getting a deadass heart drop was with juicewrld, but a few minutes ago hearing the tv from the other room talking about him passing and that apparently his 13yo daughter died too definitely gave me shivers bro
Yeah, same probably with Juice and XXXTentacion, it was surprising, but with them I don’t think I reacted quite like this.
yeah i get that, juice was my whole life so thats why i felt so deeply about it. But like the fact kobe had a family and died w his daughter on the way to her basketball practice , like that gives me goosebumps bro
This is bigger than Juice Wrld and X.. Kobe was a household name. You could ask the oldest person in the world who he was, and they'd probably get it. This is devastating, I can't imagine the reaction this will bring when more people find out.
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS? HE WAS THE BEST MAN
2020 already taking a legend, man Shit sucks
2020 has been a shit year. The world is clearly falling apart
r/Fuck2020 It's been 25 days since the start of the year. Fuck this shit man.
with how things are going, at this pace this will be a real sub
I know r.i.p Obama we’ll never know your last name
He died in a helicopter crash. Reports say he was with I think 5 others and there were no survivors. I don’t know if it’s true but my brother just said that his 13 year old daughter was also in the helicopter but I’m not sure if that’s true. It has been confirmed that his wife was not in the helicopter.
I think it was 4 others but idk
It probably said he was one of five.
Kobe, his daughter, another player, and a parent was on the helicopter
Nobody wants to miss the party in Heaven, y'know.
its not even heaven at this point, it might aswell be called legend club
Club peng-... Yeah. Legend club. I agree.
wait WHAT edit: I though y'all were joking but nah this is horrible
I feel bad for him and his family but for the other people on the helicopter, the news just doesn’t give a shit about them.
God why is 2020 so bad.
may his name be said eveytime a 8 year old tryes to throw a basktball
even at my big age me and my friends yell kobe everytime we throw something, wether its a basketball to the hoop, at eachother, or paper into the bin
Man I still do it and I’m 17
Flex tape cant fix 2020 now
Not gonna say i loved Kobe but god damn, this hurts
R I P
Rip his 13 year old daughter too
I'm still in shock. Even though I wasn't a huge basketball fan when I was younger, I still knew who he was. He was a star, a living legend. And to hear his oldest daughter died as well, it's just not fair. RIP to a legend.
Such a good and influential man. His legacy will span across generations, and he had a personal connection to the entire basketball world. A sad day, and a shit 2020 so far.
First X, then Juice, then Bryant, next thing you know Bill Gates dies from computer virus infecting him rip
Damn RIP, one of the greatest NBA players of all time
I’ve seen the fake pass into Kobe’s face before, but I’ve never seen the whole interchange. Kobe was not giving into Barnes’ antics at all.
He was very much like MJ in playing the mental game against his opponents, especially when his body wasn't as responsive as it was early in his career.
Yeah Michael Jackson can't be topped in terms of his unshakeable showmanship. Very apt comparison.
He should have compared Kobe to Michael Jordan and not Michael Jackson, they actually play the same game professionally, not sure why he thought MJ was a better comparison
I thought MJ meant Magic Johnson- the famous adult film star
MJ is Maurice Jenkins the father of Leroy.
MJ is Spiderman's GF, no?
Naw dude, MJ is the medicinal herb people smoke.
How is weed compared to Kobe again? I’m totally lost.
Something about getting high and a bad comedown possibly?
No, Michael Jackson has amazing moves. Have you seen him on a court before? Smooth like a criminal. R.I.P. to Michael Jordan though. Sucks how his doctor was prescribing him all those drugs for his pain.
Y’all see the Kobe/Jordan morph/comparison video? https://twitter.com/DavidBahnsen/status/1221644074798632960?s=20
"... as Barnes and Kobe say hello to each other" I love satirical commentary lol
I don't get it. Wasn't Kobe starting as much shit here as Barnes? Elbowing him after the dunk for instance.
He was definitely baiting him, and Barnes wasn't taking it well.
Kobe was playing chess while Barnes was playing checkers.
I would say Barnes purposely swung off the rim towards Kobe.
The hand hits him in the dick before Barnes swings out.
First angle it didn't look that way but after seeing the second angle his arm was definitely in there before barnes came close to finishing that dunk
He was in a defensive posture, he kept intentionally running into him, so as he swung the first time he gave a little push... then he swung harder and gave him an elbow to hold him off. I don't think Kobe was in the wrong here at all.
Yeah but that's just a friendly dick slap between bros
Kobe definitely set him up for it though lol. Even if you hang on the rim, you always naturally just swing forward at least a tiny bit. But Barnes definitely saw him there and could've held on until his momentum swung backwards before letting go. But that's just me armcharing the situation lol.
Kobe 100% knew what he was doing. One of he few ways to pacify a player who is much better than you is to unsettle him by playing rough. Kobe played into the fact that Barnes was attempting to do this and deliberately set himself up for the fouls to happen. His completely unfazed demeanour served to fuel Barnes' aggression and frustration levels. To me that's not unsporting, it's just smart. At the end of the day the fouls are still fouls. Avoiding them often leads to the fouls not being called as well.
Anything Kobe did is because Barnes entered into Kobes bubble
This is the only version I'll ever remember https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_U776PRCC0
This is the REAL version right here!
I have a vague memory of ‘Kobe Bryant is a gangsta’ being uploaded by username: KobeBryantIsAGangsta or something like that... this video of course being the only upload.
My fav Kobe moment. Unshakable confidence. RIP legend
[deleted]
The man had ice water running through his veins.
It's knowing there is no way in hell Barnes would ever in a million years actually do that to him. Maybe to someone else, but not to him. Barnes knows it'd be the end of his days so blinking is not even a concern.
Yeah but still, it's involuntary to flinch. It's mind boggling to me.
I like theory that Kobe actually just has incredible slow reflexes and didn't see the ball coming
Sloth reflexes. He flinched an hour later in the locker room while taking a shower.
So that's why he always started practicing hours before the rest of the team!
That’s why defenses couldn’t touch him. He was always playing the game from the night before.
Weirdest X-Men power
That’s why he gets up early and practices more than anyone else, to build that muscle memory to make up for his slow reflexes
This is a fucking hilarious comment
Mamba.
Mamba
It's also a thing fighters do as well like when someone is punching them (or trying to) and they can't just flinch and make a stupid face. If I had to speculate tho Kobe knew he wouldn't do it (as said above) and for sure knew he couldn't let someone like Barnes make him flinch. Kobe knew he either had to get hit by the ball or call the bluff. Man was a fucking legend and will forever be remembered as such by me.
No but like, it was so fast he wouldn't have been able to think about it. His lizard brain would have been thinking "you're about to be hit in the face, close your eyes" before he had a chance to actually react. What's crazy is that he was so confident, he didn't even have the subconscious self-preservation instinct to flinch. That goes beyond confidence.
Watch it closely: he shifts his stance a bit and turns his head to the right while making it look like a nonchalant shift of his weight to his left foot, he's not looking directly at the ball, which might provoke an involuntary reaction like a blink or flinch. It's exactly like what he does the other two times he gets fouled in the OP clip: shift weight to left foot, look away to the right, stay calm. Only difference between the other two times and the fake pass is with the first two fouls the aggression persisted long enough for him to slowly put his hands up into the air.
Not to diminish the man but I think there are times when you're pushing yourself physically the flinch response gets harder to trigger. At least that's been the case with me personally when I've been doing something and sweating my balls off and something like a car backfiring would normally make me jump but my body was like, "yeah I can't be bothered right now."
No you're absolutely right. I play semi-amateur Rugby (as in I get payed a little) and there are many many times where you don't flinch in a situation where you would in regular life. However i'd relate it (in a sports setting) less to "I can't be bothered right now", and more to "i'm way too focused on beating my opponent right now".
I agree, I have definitely been taunted while playing sports and I just forget to flinch
His quote after the game was ice cold too. A reporter asked, "how could you not even blink when he did that?" And Kobe's response was, "Why should I?" Like the motherfucker could control his own reflexes or some shit.
This is what a normal person like myself won't understand. Those reflexes can't be controlled. That why they're just that: reflexes. I can't even imagine that.
I'm 100% sure that this is not the first time someone had pass faked at Bryant's face if he'd been playing basketball since he was a young kid. He very well may have suspected it if he thought Barnes was just going to troll him for the whole game.
100% you know this isn't the first time Kobe has had someone pissed off at him on the court. He knew what was coming and didn't let him get in his head. I think he just focused on something else like his chewing gum during those moments.
Tbh probably spacing out hard as shit. Those TV timeouts can last a while. RIP though, shit doesn't feel real yet
I think you have to look at it from the other angle. I remember seeing something where they broke it down and it’s not exactly as it appears.
Yeah. I flinch at videos where something flies towards the screen fast.
100%. Kobe was cold as ice. Mamba forever.
What a fucking G.
This is THE video to show someone what the mamba mentality is. fucking cold blooded
Power move chewing gum. The head cow is always grazing.
Chewing gum helps relieve anxiety
He’s clearly riffing. CAN HE RIFF?!
Mitochondria are the powerhouse of the cell.
The head cow is always grazing his neck is high too.
Art of the deal, bro!
art of the deal, art of the deal.
I trust you. I trust you.
Yeah but good god I seriously think I would choke immediately if I was running around like that with gum in my mouth.
"That was the play of the game"
Thank god JVG was there doing the commentary to say something, most announcers would have just ignored it
Idk i bet Kevin Harlan would’ve made it even more exciting
“Kobe Bryant just cuck fucked Matt Barnes into the shadow realm” - Kevin Harlan
I've seen the clip where Kobe doesn't flinch before, but I've never seen all the other nonsense that leads up to that. The part at :57 where Barns tries to flop and the ref just gives him the "what the fuck?" hands is hilarious.
What made Kobe so great is that he was cold blooded. Never lost composure
Black Mamba is a snake. Snakes are cold blooded. It's also one of the most deadly snakes on the planet. Perfect nickname for Kobe.
“He didn’ even flinch!!”
"Wha-Wha-Whaaaaa?! Pillow Fights!!!!"
Thought it was Jerry Seinfeld commentating for a couple seconds there.
what did kobe say about this and how he didn't react? Can they be so good at reading body language that he knew it was a fake? Or was he to pumped up to really notice? Was it just he was zoned at and it didn't register until it was over?
Reporters asked him why didn't he flinch and he replied, "why would I?"
good answer.
Matt Barnes has a podcast called All The Smoke and Kobe was on as a guest earlier this year. They talked about this moment and it was pretty cool because Kobe started to respect Barnes because of this. Link to the whole thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3R3KIyEgCgc
Wow what a great interview! Thanks for the video :)
TLDL?
Anyone crazy enough to fuck with me is crazy enough to be my teammate. When Barnes was a free agent Kobe told the Lakers to sign him
The ultimate 'game recognizes game'
It’s at around the 24:30 mark.
Jump to 24:30 @ Referenced Video Channel Name: SHOWTIME Basketball, Video Popularity: 98.87%, Video Length: [39:56], Jump 5 secs earlier for context @24:25 Downvote me to delete malformed comments. Source Code | Suggestions
Nice, ended up watching the whole thing. The talk about the ball fake is at 25min
There’s going to be a lot of claims in these comments that it’s a perspective trick and another angle shows the ball was far from his face. It isn’t true. The other angle shows Kobe was right in front of the fake. Everybody that was there, including Barnes, says the fake was right at his face.
Even the alternate angle looks like it’s right in his face. I don’t know what these other people are seeing.
It first spread with a misleading screenshot and caption claiming the overhead angle showed Kobe wasn’t in front of him. I think a bunch of people just took it as faith. There’s also just a bunch of people on the internet that thrive on, “Well, actually...” commenting on everything. It’s pretty lame.
A contrarian who makes a point is ok. But the ones who just have to say something suck
What about this time when Chris Rock tried to make him laugh but he was too zoned in on the game? https://youtu.be/2ycvpbVqSCI
One of my all time favorites. When they pan to Kobe’s face I lose it every time.
Unflappable. Top 5 most confident players in history.
Dude was a complete stud.
lol shits so funny how the other guy can't do nothing to the legend
Great commentating by the two worst NBA announcers. They didn't even catch what happen on the replay haha. Kobe was truly a one of a kind player. Losing Gigi is just as hard as Kobe, she was his heir apparent. She wasn't the youngest, or oldest but she seemed to most like Kobe. Most heartbreaking day in sports history today.
They didn't even catch what happen on the replay haha. What didn't they catch?
The foul on Dwight Howard for saying something to Matt Barnes Didn’t catch it til later
that Dinwiddie stock going up
DinwiddieCoin
What's the Hibbertcoin exchange rate right now?
It's getting too confusing having all these currencies. We need a global standard. Introducing Metta World Pesos.
Shouldn't we pick a safe stable currency not subject to wild market fluctuations like Duncoins?
100 Schrutebucks
I’ll give you a billion Stanley nickels if you never wear #8 or #24 again...
As valuable as a Zimbabwe dollar
If only Damian Lillard did the same. I would invest so hard in Dame D.O.L.L.As
I'd invest
Still down by 3% since he shot that brick the other night
Ya Dwin some you lose some
Very widdie pun
I'm already picking out my Ferrari
Kemba gonna have to switch to like 47
Is his old 15 retired in Boston?
Almost every number is retired in Boston
Serious question, what happens when they run out? Do they create “set 2”? Where Bird, Russell, etc. were part of set 1?
Year 3056 where Boston Celtics retire John Smith #123
As if someone with a normal ass name like John Smith is great at basketball
Michael Jordan....?
How many Michael Jordans are there in the world? It's not a largely unique name, but no where near as common as John Smith
There are 47,857 people in the U.S. named John Smith. There are 3,195 people in the U.S. named Michael Jordan. Source: http://howmanyofme.com/
Thank you kind person
Also I'd wager people either dodge MJ's name or lean into it but either way its gunna impact that
Yeah but it's definitely a normal name not necessarily common. But Jordan is a fairly common last name and Michael is a very common first name. Of course not as common as John Smith. Although statistically it's bound to happen that a John Smith will join and be amazing.
My favorite John Smith fact is that Juju Smith-Schuster's birth name is John Smith. Funny how one of the most unique names in the NFL is someone named John Smith.
Fine... LeJohn Smith
David Robinson is pretty normal.
But is it a normal ass name? The ass is important
Futurama used fractions for the future yankees. Makes sense when you need 15 players and over time you'll run out of the 101 numbers we have available now.
I never understood that joke until now, uggh Futurama is so damn good
Yep right when I saw the above comment I was like, “oh futurama figured that out already. And I bet someone else said that already”
how about this, then we move the celtics franchise to seattle piss off boston and help out the diehard sonics fans, it's a win-win
If we use up all the numbers we win and basketball ends
Triple digits or decimals
Or emojis
Boston has retired 21 numbers in ~80 years of existence. I highly doubt that the nba will be around for another 300 years. I think we’re safe.
Thanks for depressing me
hey who cares we’ll all be dead!
In 300 years the cyborgs will have bar codes.
That's pretty crazy to think about. Will a geopolitical event make professional sports untenable, such as our communications systems breaking down? Will human athletes become antiquated? Will the human gene pool become unable to produce basketball players? Will subsequent generations forgo viewing experiences for gaming and more experiential recreation? I hope I don't live to find out!
Jon Bois' 17776 is based on this entire premise, but the NFL
00, 1, 2, 3, 6, 10, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 31, 32, 33, 35 are all retired haha
And 5 is unofficially retired for KG. No one has worn it since he left and apparently Celtics are waiting for Minnesota to go first.
You guys also missed 34.
I was looking at a screenshot of the rafters so I think it was just before KG and Pierce which is my bad.
Lmao a screenshot of the rafters I dig it, primary source
21% of the numbers available are retired.
Also no player can wear “loscy”
Yeah, if you want to wear any number between #00 and #35, you're almost out of luck. That's why you see the same numbers all the time, like #0, 4, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12 and 13, on top of some really strange ones players only wear here. It's all there is left. I can almost guarantee if Marcus Smart was on another team he wouldn't wear #36.
Yup by Tommy our announcer
Pretty sure that's part of why he went with 8 to begin with (other being Antoine Walker).
According to bbref there is 22 #8 and 12 #24 currently in the league
That's crazy that only one player in the league wants to wear a number in the 60's. Taj you a real one
I also took the opportunity to look at the outliers and was surprised that Marcus Smart is the only #36. I kinda like this number, I think it looks nice on a jersey too.
Probably in part because of the informal ban in basketball on digits higher than five, which isn't changing unless Antonio Alfonseca and the dude that killed Inigo Montoya's father prepare to basketball referee.
Antonio Alfonseca Holy hell there’s a name I haven’t heard in probably 15 years.
Probably because the Celtics have a ton of the numbers banned too tho
"banned" lmao
Get that 00 out of here! It’s banned!
It’s absolute blasphemy that #36 isn’t banned for the Celtics! Does no one remember Big Diesel rocking #36 in 2010-11???
I'm guessing that's somewhat influenced by NCAA rules. Only numbers 0-5 are allowed in either digit (and reason for that is hand signals). Quite a few players probably want to keep their number from college. So you need to really want to stand out to go into the 60-90 range.
You know what's more crazy? That no one wears number 73, as it's the 21st prime number, its mirror, 37, is the 12th and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying 7 and 3... and in binary 73 is a palindrome, 1001001, which backwards is 1001001
I'm also surprised NBA players didn't have this thought when selecting a number
Such a shocker. Really can’t believe nobody rocks 73, it’s actually not a bad looking number
Kyrie thought of it but he doesn’t believe in mirrors.
Kyrie wanted to just wear the word “Government” instead of any number but the league wouldn’t allow it
I believe that was the exact reason Ron Artest requested that number, but the league denied it.
I'd wear 69 is that available except the bulls?
Rodman joked (on arsenio? conan?) that he wanted to change his name to Azulay and wear 69 .. so that the announce would have to say "69 as you lay Rodman"
It's for PS-067 his school growing up in Brooklyn, which makes it pretty cool in my opinion
11 #24s. Bazemore changed once he joined the kings because Buddy already wears it
Buddy: “I’m changing my number out of respect for Kobe” Bazemore: “Well shit ima get my old number back!”
21 #8s now :)
might actually be less - trae young is listed under 8, presumably because he wore it for a short bit 2 days ago
Clarkson still listed under 8
I really hope this doesn't mean players feel pressured to never choose those 2 numbers again. You can honor him by wearing it too.
Exactly this. Imo, it's a cool move to honor Kobe however you want to. Dinwiddie changing his number from 8 out of respect for Kobe is great. If another player wants to change his number to 8 out of respect for Kobe, that'd be great, too.
I've been wondering about this too. Like will Trae Young keep wearing 8 out of respect to Kobe?
He only wore it for the violations and then changed back to 11 afterwards
Probably wasn't allowed to wear it during the full game on such short notice. I imagine all kinds of scorekeeping systems would go haywire.
Exactly. You can honor him in different ways, it just depends on how you wanna do it personally.
They should wear number 23 as like they can come close to having the same impact as Kobe but noone can reach him
Lmao
I can think of at least 2 people with a bigger impact on the game than Kobe that have worn number 23: Ben "Macklemore" McLemore and Alonzo "Oh" Gee
I agree. We have to consider those players may have personal reasons for wearing those numbers as well. I know in Orlando, ross changed his number to 8 this season and Khem Birch has been wearing 24 ever since he got here. I think they both keep it until their time here is over.
When I see a 24/8 or 23, I see it as tribute to those OG players. If a player personally want to pay respect by not wearing the numbers, by all means. I hope this doesn't pressure players to not wear numbers of players that inspired them.
Personally, I don't want every team to retire Kobe's numbers. To me, people wearing #8 & 24 will help preserve Kobe's legacy more than others not wearing it. Unless they copy the way baseball does Jackie Robinson day where every player wears Jackie's number 42 on their jersey once a year.
People wore 23 because of mike. If they put the number up, we wouldnt have that
The problem that I’m not sure how they’d work out is refs refer to players by their numbers when they hand out fouls. I mean it’s obviously do-able but not sure how much it’d slow the game down etc.
Kobe's not Jackie Robinson.
Frfr people kind of taking it too far now
Jackie Robinson's #42 is the only situation where I really endorse league-wide retirement. I think that a player's legacy needs to truly transcends the world of sports, as Robinson crossing the color line did, to deserve that level of honor (Clemente too, maybe). As much as I loved Kobe (that past tense stings), and as much of an inspiration as he was to kids all over the world, he wasn't a straight-up HERO like Robinson was. Only a small handful of athletes ever, I think, deserve such an honor, and most of them didn't wear numbered jerseys.
Let players do it individually if they want, it being done formally by the league/teams is too much IMO
Yeah, I love Kobe but I don't this is a great way to honor him. In fact, I think it's more of an honor for players who grow up wanting to wear the same number as there favorite player. I mean, LeBron wore number 23 because of Michael Jordan. I always thought it was wack that the Heat retired Jordan's number. Nah, leave that to their own franchise. The Lakers have retired his number, and I think we should let that be. Let other teams and players honor him by wearing the same number as well. Also, you never know why other players may be wearing a certain number, it would suck if a player had to change numbers when for example they initially wore that number to honor their father or something.
It’s just uncharted territory, as the only greats to die before Kobe have been Moses Malone, Wilt, Maravich, Hondo, Petrovic, and maybe a few others. It is probably unlikely that any players have picked a jersey number to posthumously honor any of those players, and in any case there is nobody like Kobe that is deceased and inspired so many people.
I think it's more respectful wearing his number than not
Everyone’s got their own opinion. Everyone will choose to respect him in their own way
I know this is hitting Dinwiddie hard, I hope he’s alright. Respect him even more for this
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
just thinking, the islanders are gonna come out to hear that Kobe Bryant, Caroline Flack and Pop Smoke have all died in the 6 weeks they've been gone ?? #LoveIsland
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Lowest Ask: $1818 Kobe 9 Elite Black Mamba Collection Fade to Black Sz. 11.5 https://t.co/LuodnlPEQL #kobe https://t.co/SGfUETSPWJ
Lawmakers in Carson unanimously voted to rename the city basketball gym in honor of Kobe Bryant, officials announced Wednesday.? https://t.co/VlelbgXdzK
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Daniel Ricciardo porte un casque spécial hommage à Kobe Bryant pendant les essais hivernaux ?

#F1 #F1Testing ?? https://t.co/JcSj8rscNN
“Kobe Bryant legacy”
Who ready ????? https://t.co/glJW0sCjle
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Kobe Bryant coaching up GiGi’s team ?  

 https://t.co/nCSpRlq4Fk
Lawmakers in Carson unanimously voted to rename the city basketball gym in honor of Kobe Bryant, officials announced Wednesday.? https://t.co/VlelbgXdzK
@_Hvdja Sa F depuis la mort de kobe bryant que jl’ai pas vu Ptn
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Juice Wrld - December 2019
Kobe Bryant - January 2020
Pop Smoke - February 2020
?
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
11 years ago today, Kobe Bryant broke Michael Jordan's record for a visitor at MSG with 61 points.

Mamba mentality ? https://t.co/YwX9WXNgRd
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Lawmakers in Carson unanimously voted to rename the city basketball gym in honor of Kobe Bryant, officials announced Wednesday.? https://t.co/VlelbgXdzK
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Throwback to when Kobe Bryant disclocated his finger but refuses to quit and still plays whole game.  https://t.co/CjV3P8rZgm
In 3 months we’ve loss Pop Smoke, Kobe Bryant and JuiceWRLD, think about that, death is fast and unexpected. https://t.co/e1elsgfjaA
.@dwyanewade and @alleniverson shared a heartfelt moment after the NBA All-Star Game's tribute to Kobe Bryant ?

(via coachjhoward/Instagram) https://t.co/gD4JJMfRJd
Conmocionado por el fallecimiento de una de las mayores leyendas del deporte, Kobe Bryant. DEP así como su hija y acompañantes. ??? https://t.co/sZ7TrRfP2g
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
LimitsNone QOTD ??
“The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.”
- Kobe Bryant
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
The moment you give up, is the moment you let someone else win- kobe Bryant 

Coming Soon!! Lapit na lumabas change perfume na tayo!
 #MIWYHotNCold https://t.co/ryJUpnENQe
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
AIlen Iverson shed a tear reflecting on being an all star with Kobe Bryant. AI went on to say #Kobe influenced him so much...even though Kobe was younger???
#DontAtMe #NBAAllStar episode live from Chicago w guests @AllenIverson & @spidadmitchell 
Full ep: https://t.co/NPXpS0v7Rl https://t.co/dj3kPVzJet
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
In 3 months we’ve loss Pop Smoke, Kobe Bryant and JuiceWRLD, think about that, death is fast and unexpected. https://t.co/e1elsgfjaA
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
STILL no funeral for Kobe Bryant?

#FakedDeath
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
Ojo a este dato. Jayson Tatum hace en unos días los 22 años. Es el 4º jugador de la historia en alcanzar 3.000 puntos, 1.000 rebotes y 150 triples antes de hacer esa cifra. Antes que él, solo LeBron James, Kevin Durant y Kobe Bryant lo hicieron. 

Algo gordo amanece en Boston.
R&B Singer RH9 Has a EP Dropping Feb 24TH Honoring Kobe Bryant Called 9Mentality https://t.co/FyknCXBJJ7
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Dwight Howard says he’s trying to ‘play with the Mamba Mentality’ for Lakers. https://t.co/8V3QRUvYZ8
@ironicsimp i'm fine with people doing this at the people that died at kyoani or kobe bryant, but this is going too far......
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
11 years ago today, Kobe Bryant broke Michael Jordan's record for a visitor at MSG with 61 points.

Mamba mentality ? https://t.co/YwX9WXNgRd
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
????????????????????????????????.. ??????????????????????? ?????????????????????.. ?????????????????????????     

- Kobe Bryant -

#?????????? https://t.co/c7FGZDQeFi
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Kobe took it to another level at the 2012 Olympics ?

@KDTrey5 reflects on what made the Black Mamba different on the newest “Take It There” with @TaylorRooks https://t.co/fHFO8QFXET https://t.co/zbUMYgIpCr
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Magic Johnson on Kobe Bryant: "We often don’t give black men any credit when we are good fathers and so, Kobe was an EXCELLENT father, loved his wife, and we already know what he meant to us as a basketball player.”

My story via @HeavySan: https://t.co/CvweLAe0Xe https://t.co/JVK05Wrj9W
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
You didn’t have to listen to Pop Smoke’s music to have empathy for a 20 year old losing their life. Same way you didn’t have to watch basketball when to be hurt over Kobe Bryant . Some of you try so hard to look cool on twitter, 
 Sending my prayers to his family and friends https://t.co/UYmrR1BzZ1
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
Rest in Peace ??

- Pop Smoke
- Kobe Bryant
- Juice WRLD
- Mac Miller
- Nipsey
- Fredo Santana
- XXXTentacion
- Peep
- Prodigy
- Smoke Dawg
- JimmyWopo
- Speaker Knockerz
- Lil Snupe
- LA Capone
- Capital Steez
- Nate Dogg
- ASAP Yams
- ShawtyLo
- Bankroll Fresh
The fact that we’ve lost Kobe Bryant, Nipsey Hussle, Juice Wurld and Pop Smoke within 365days depresses the shit outta me. https://t.co/wV1swNnyHX
